
   Harry Potter and the SorcererīŋŊs Stone
   For Jessica, who loves stories,
   For Anne, who loved them too;
   And for Di, who heard this one first.
   1. THE BOY WHO LIVED
   Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people youīŋŊd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didnīŋŊt hold with such nonsense.
   Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
   The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didnīŋŊt think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. DursleyīŋŊs sister, but they hadnīŋŊt met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didnīŋŊt have a sister, because her sister and her good for nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didnīŋŊt want Dudley mixing with a child like that.
   When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.
   None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
   At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.
   īŋŊLittle tyke,īŋŊ chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his car and backed out of number fourīŋŊs drive.
   It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiarīŋŊa cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley didnīŋŊt realize what he had seenīŋŊthen he jerked his head around to look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasnīŋŊt a map in sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now reading the sign that said Privet DriveīŋŊno,looking at the sign; cats couldnīŋŊt read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
   But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldnīŋŊt help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldnīŋŊt bear people who dressed in funny clothesīŋŊthe getups you saw on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them werenīŋŊt young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stuntīŋŊthese people were obviously collecting for somethingīŋŊ yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
   Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hadnīŋŊt, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning.He didnīŋŊt see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought heīŋŊd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
   HeīŋŊd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of them next to the bakerīŋŊs. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didnīŋŊt know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldnīŋŊt see a single collecting tin. It was on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying.
   īŋŊThe Potters, thatīŋŊs right, thatīŋŊs what I heardīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊīŋŊyes, their son, HarryīŋŊīŋŊ
   Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.
   He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinkingīŋŊ no, he was being stupid. Potter wasnīŋŊt such an unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry. Come to think of it, he wasnīŋŊt even sure his nephewwas called Harry. HeīŋŊd never even seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister. He didnīŋŊt blame herīŋŊifheīŋŊd had a sister like thatīŋŊ but all the same, those people in cloaksīŋŊ
   He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five oīŋŊclock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
   īŋŊSorry,īŋŊ he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak. He didnīŋŊt seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, īŋŊDonīŋŊt be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!īŋŊ
   And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
   Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didnīŋŊt approve of imagination.
   As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he sawīŋŊand it didnīŋŊt improve his moodīŋŊwas the tabby cat heīŋŊd spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
   īŋŊShoo!īŋŊ said Mr. Dursley loudly.
   The cat didnīŋŊt move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife.
   Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next DoorīŋŊs problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word (īŋŊWonīŋŊt!īŋŊ). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:
   īŋŊAnd finally, bird watchers everywhere have reported that the nationīŋŊs owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.īŋŊ The newscaster allowed himself a grin. īŋŊMost mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, Ted,īŋŊ said the weatherman, īŋŊI donīŋŊt know about that, but itīŋŊs not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyīŋŊve had a downpour of shootingstars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night earlyīŋŊitīŋŊs not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight.īŋŊ
   Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the PottersīŋŊ
   Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. HeīŋŊd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. īŋŊErīŋŊPetunia, dearīŋŊyou havenīŋŊt heard from your sister lately, have you?īŋŊ
   As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended she didnīŋŊt have a sister.
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ she said sharply. īŋŊWhy?īŋŊ
   īŋŊFunny stuff on the news,īŋŊ Mr. Dursley mumbled. īŋŊOwlsīŋŊ shooting starsīŋŊ and there were a lot of funny looking people in town todayīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSo?īŋŊ snapped Mrs. Dursley.
   īŋŊWell, I just thoughtīŋŊ maybeīŋŊ it was something to do withīŋŊ you knowīŋŊher crowd.īŋŊ
   Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her heīŋŊd heard the name īŋŊPotter.īŋŊ He decided he didnīŋŊt dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, īŋŊTheir sonīŋŊheīŋŊd be about DudleyīŋŊs age now, wouldnīŋŊt he?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI suppose so,īŋŊ said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs his name again? Howard, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHarry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, yes,īŋŊ said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. īŋŊYes, I quite agree.īŋŊ
   He didnīŋŊt say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something.
   Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? If it didīŋŊ if it got out that they were related to a pair ofīŋŊwell, he didnīŋŊt think he could bear it.
   The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potterswere involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kindīŋŊ He couldnīŋŊt see how he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going onīŋŊhe yawned and turned overīŋŊit couldnīŋŊt affectthemīŋŊ
   How very wrong he was.
   Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. It didnīŋŊt so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.
   A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently youīŋŊd have thought heīŋŊd just popped out of the ground. The catīŋŊs tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
   Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This manīŋŊs name was Albus Dumbledore.
   Albus Dumbledore didnīŋŊt seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, īŋŊI should have known.īŋŊ
   He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it againīŋŊthe next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the Put Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldnīŋŊt be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didnīŋŊt look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.
   īŋŊFancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.īŋŊ
   He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at a rather severe looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.
   īŋŊHow did you know it was me?īŋŊ she asked.
   īŋŊMy dear Professor, IīŋŊve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊd be stiff if youīŋŊd been sitting on a brick wall all day,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall.
   īŋŊAll day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
   īŋŊOh yes, everyoneīŋŊs celebrating, all right,īŋŊ she said impatiently. īŋŊYouīŋŊd think theyīŋŊd be a bit more careful, but noīŋŊeven the Muggles have noticed somethingīŋŊs going on. It was on their news.īŋŊ She jerked her head back at the DursleysīŋŊ dark living room window. īŋŊI heard it. Flocks of owlsīŋŊ shooting starsīŋŊ Well, theyīŋŊre not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in KentīŋŊIīŋŊll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou canīŋŊt blame them,īŋŊ said Dumbledore gently. īŋŊWeīŋŊve had precious little to celebrate for eleven years.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI know that,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall irritably. īŋŊBut thatīŋŊs no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.īŋŊ
   She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didnīŋŊt, so she went on. īŋŊA fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he reallyhas gone, Dumbledore?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt certainly seems so,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊWe have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAwhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊA lemon drop. TheyīŋŊre a kind of Muggle sweet IīŋŊm rather fond of.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, thank you,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didnīŋŊt think this was the moment for lemon drops. īŋŊAs I say, even if You-Know-Whohas goneīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊMy dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this īŋŊYou-Know-WhoīŋŊ nonsenseīŋŊfor eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name:Voldemort.īŋŊ Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.īŋŊIt all gets so confusing if we keep saying īŋŊYou-Know-Who.īŋŊ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying VoldemortīŋŊs name.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI know you havenīŋŊtīŋŊ, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. īŋŊBut youīŋŊre different. Everyone knows youīŋŊre the only one You KnowīŋŊoh, all right,Voldemort, was frightened of.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou flatter me,īŋŊ said Dumbledore calmly. īŋŊVoldemort had powers I will never have.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOnly because youīŋŊre tooīŋŊwellīŋŊnoble to use them.īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs lucky itīŋŊs dark. I havenīŋŊt blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said,īŋŊThe owls are nothing next to therumors that are flying around. You know what everyoneīŋŊs saying? About why heīŋŊs disappeared? About what finally stopped him?īŋŊ
   It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whateverīŋŊeveryoneīŋŊ was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.
   īŋŊWhat theyīŋŊresaying,īŋŊ she pressed on,īŋŊis that last night Voldemort turned up in GodricīŋŊs Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter areīŋŊareīŋŊthat theyīŋŊreīŋŊdead.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
   īŋŊLily and JamesīŋŊ I canīŋŊt believe itīŋŊ I didnīŋŊt want to believe itīŋŊ Oh, AlbusīŋŊīŋŊ
   Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.īŋŊI knowīŋŊ I knowīŋŊīŋŊ he said heavily.
   Professor McGonagallīŋŊs voice trembled as she went on. īŋŊThatīŋŊs not all. TheyīŋŊre saying he tried to kill the PotterīŋŊs son, Harry. ButīŋŊhe couldnīŋŊt. He couldnīŋŊt kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but theyīŋŊre saying that when he couldnīŋŊt kill Harry Potter, VoldemortīŋŊs power somehow brokeīŋŊand thatīŋŊs why heīŋŊs gone.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore nodded glumly.
   īŋŊItīŋŊsīŋŊitīŋŊstrue?īŋŊ faltered Professor McGonagall.īŋŊAfter all heīŋŊs doneīŋŊ all the people heīŋŊs killedīŋŊ he couldnīŋŊt kill a little boy? ItīŋŊs just astoundingīŋŊ of all the things to stop himīŋŊ but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWe can only guess,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊWe may never know.īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said,īŋŊHagridīŋŊs late. I suppose it was he who told you IīŋŊd be here, by the way?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊAnd I donīŋŊt suppose youīŋŊre going to tell mewhy youīŋŊre here, of all places?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊve come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. TheyīŋŊre the only family he has left now.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt meanīŋŊyoucanīŋŊt mean the people who livehere?īŋŊ cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.īŋŊDumbledoreīŋŊyou canīŋŊt. IīŋŊve been watching them all day. You couldnīŋŊt find two people who are less like us. And theyīŋŊve got this sonīŋŊI saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here!īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs the best place for him,īŋŊ said Dumbledore firmly. īŋŊHis aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when heīŋŊs older. IīŋŊve written them a letter.īŋŊ
   īŋŊA letter?īŋŊ repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. īŋŊReally, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! HeīŋŊll be famousīŋŊa legendīŋŊI wouldnīŋŊt be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in thefutureīŋŊthere will be books written about HarryīŋŊevery child in our world will know his name!īŋŊ
   īŋŊExactly,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half moon glasses. īŋŊIt would be enough to turn any boyīŋŊs head. Famous before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he wonīŋŊt even remember! CanīŋŊt you see how much better off heīŋŊll be, growing up away from all that until heīŋŊs ready to take it?īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said,īŋŊYesīŋŊyes, youīŋŊre right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?īŋŊ She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.
   īŋŊHagridīŋŊs bringing him.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou think itīŋŊwiseīŋŊto trust Hagrid with something as important as this?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI would trust Hagrid with my life,īŋŊ said Dumbledore.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not saying his heart isnīŋŊt in the right place,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, īŋŊbut you canīŋŊt pretend heīŋŊs not careless. He does tend toīŋŊwhat was that?īŋŊ
   A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the skyīŋŊand a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.
   If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and sowildīŋŊlong tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.
   īŋŊHagrid,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. īŋŊAt last. And where did you get that motorcycle?īŋŊ
   īŋŊBorrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,īŋŊ said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. īŋŊYoung Sirius Black lent it to me. IīŋŊve got him, sir.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo problems, were there?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, sirīŋŊhouse was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarminīŋŊ around. He fell asleep as we was flyinīŋŊ over Bristol.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
   īŋŊIs that whereīŋŊ?īŋŊ whispered Professor McGonagall.
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊHeīŋŊll have that scar forever.īŋŊ
   īŋŊCouldnīŋŊt you do something about it, Dumbledore?īŋŊ
   īŋŊEven if I could, I wouldnīŋŊt. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. WellīŋŊgive him here, HagridīŋŊweīŋŊd better get this over with.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the DursleysīŋŊ house.
   īŋŊCould IīŋŊcould I say good bye to him, sir?īŋŊ asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.
   īŋŊShhh!īŋŊ hissed Professor McGonagall, īŋŊyouīŋŊll wake the Muggles!īŋŊ
   īŋŊS-s-sorry,īŋŊ sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. īŋŊBut I c-c-canīŋŊt stand itīŋŊLily anīŋŊ James deadīŋŊanīŋŊ poor little Harry off ter live with MugglesīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYes, yes, itīŋŊs all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or weīŋŊll be found,īŋŊ Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside HarryīŋŊs blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; HagridīŋŊs shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from DumbledoreīŋŊs eyes seemedto have gone out.
   īŋŊWell,īŋŊ said Dumbledore finally, īŋŊthatīŋŊs that. WeīŋŊve no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah,īŋŊ said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, īŋŊIīŋŊll be takinīŋŊ Sirius his bike back. GīŋŊnight, Professor McGonagallīŋŊProfessor Dumbledore, sir.īŋŊ
   Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.
   īŋŊI shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
   Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
   īŋŊGood luck, Harry,īŋŊ he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.
   A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hoursīŋŊ time by Mrs. DursleyīŋŊs scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin DudleyīŋŊ He couldnīŋŊt know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up theirglasses and saying in hushed voices: īŋŊTo Harry PotterīŋŊthe boy who lived!īŋŊ
   2. THE VANISHING GLASS
   Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the DursleysīŋŊ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different colored bonnetsīŋŊbut Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by hismother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
   Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.
   īŋŊUp! Get up! Now!īŋŊ
   Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
   īŋŊUp!īŋŊ she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling heīŋŊd had the same dream before.
   His aunt was back outside the door.
   īŋŊAre you up yet?īŋŊ she demanded.
   īŋŊNearly,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊWell, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And donīŋŊt you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on DuddyīŋŊs birthday.īŋŊ
   Harry groaned.
   īŋŊWhat did you say?īŋŊ his aunt snapped through the door.
   īŋŊNothing, nothingīŋŊīŋŊ
   DudleyīŋŊs birthdayīŋŊhow could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
   When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all DudleyīŋŊs birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exerciseīŋŊunless of course it involved punching somebody. DudleyīŋŊs favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldnīŋŊt often catch him. Harry didnīŋŊt look it, but he was very fast.
   Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of DudleyīŋŊs, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it.
   īŋŊIn the car crash when your parents died,īŋŊ she had said. īŋŊAnd donīŋŊt ask questions.īŋŊ
   DonīŋŊt ask questionsīŋŊthat was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.
   Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
   īŋŊComb your hair!īŋŊ he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
   About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that wayīŋŊall over the place.
   Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angelīŋŊHarry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
   Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasnīŋŊt much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell.
   īŋŊThirty six,īŋŊ he said, looking up at his mother and father. īŋŊThatīŋŊs two less than last year.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDarling, you havenīŋŊt counted Auntie MargeīŋŊs present, see, itīŋŊs here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll right, thirty seven then,īŋŊ said Dudley, going red in the face. Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
   Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,īŋŊAnd weīŋŊll buy you anothertwo presents while weīŋŊre out today. HowīŋŊs that, popkin?Two more presents. Is that all right?īŋŊ
   Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly,īŋŊSo IīŋŊll have thirtyīŋŊ thirtyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThirty nine, sweetums,īŋŊ said Aunt Petunia.
   īŋŊOh.īŋŊ Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. īŋŊAll right then.īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon chuckled.īŋŊLittle tyke wants his moneyīŋŊs worth, just like his father. īŋŊAtta boy, Dudley!īŋŊ He ruffled DudleyīŋŊs hair.
   At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
   īŋŊBad news, Vernon,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊMrs. FiggīŋŊs broken her leg. She canīŋŊt take him.īŋŊ She jerked her head in HarryīŋŊs direction.
   DudleyīŋŊs mouth fell open in horror, but HarryīŋŊs heart gave a leap. Every year on DudleyīŋŊs birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats sheīŋŊd ever owned.
   īŋŊNow what?īŋŊ said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though heīŋŊd planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasnīŋŊt easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
   īŋŊWe could phone Marge,īŋŊ Uncle Vernon suggested.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.īŋŊ
   The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasnīŋŊt thereīŋŊor rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldnīŋŊt understand them, like a slug.
   īŋŊWhat about whatīŋŊs her name, your friendīŋŊYvonne?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOn vacation in Majorca,īŋŊ snapped Aunt Petunia.
   īŋŊYou could just leave me here,īŋŊ Harry put in hopefully (heīŋŊd be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on DudleyīŋŊs computer).
   Aunt Petunia looked as though sheīŋŊd just swallowed a lemon.
   īŋŊAnd come back and find the house in ruins?īŋŊ she snarled.
   īŋŊI wonīŋŊt blow up the house,īŋŊ said Harry, but they werenīŋŊt listening.
   īŋŊI suppose we could take him to the zoo,īŋŊ said Aunt Petunia slowly, īŋŊīŋŊand leave him in the carīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThat carīŋŊs new, heīŋŊs not sitting in it aloneīŋŊīŋŊ
   Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasnīŋŊt really cryingīŋŊit had been years since heīŋŊd really criedīŋŊbut he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
   īŋŊDinky Duddydums, donīŋŊt cry, Mummy wonīŋŊt let him spoil your special day!īŋŊ she cried, flinging her arms around him.
   īŋŊIīŋŊ donīŋŊtīŋŊ wantīŋŊ himīŋŊ t-t-to come!īŋŊ Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. īŋŊHe always sp-spoils everything!īŋŊ He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his motherīŋŊs arms.
   Just then, the doorbell rangīŋŊīŋŊOh, good Lord, theyīŋŊre here!īŋŊ said Aunt Petunia franticallyīŋŊand a moment later, DudleyīŋŊs best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held peopleīŋŊs arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
   Half an hour later, Harry, who couldnīŋŊt believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the DursleysīŋŊ car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadnīŋŊt been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before theyīŋŊd left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm warning you,īŋŊ he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to HarryīŋŊs, īŋŊIīŋŊm warning you now, boyīŋŊany funny business, anything at allīŋŊand youīŋŊll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not going to do anything,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊhonestlyīŋŊīŋŊ
   But Uncle Vernon didnīŋŊt believe him. No one ever did.
   The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didnīŋŊt make them happen.
   Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadnīŋŊt been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left īŋŊto hide that horrible scar.īŋŊ Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that hecouldnīŋŊt explain how it had grown back so quickly.
   Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of DudleyīŋŊs (brown with orange puff balls)īŋŊThe harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldnīŋŊt fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasnīŋŊt punished.
   On the other hand, heīŋŊd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. DudleyīŋŊs gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to HarryīŋŊs surprise as anyone elseīŋŊs, there he was sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from HarryīŋŊs headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all heīŋŊd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. Harry supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid-jump.
   But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasnīŋŊt school, his cupboard, or Mrs. FiggīŋŊs cabbage smelling living room.
   While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, it was motorcycles.
   īŋŊīŋŊroaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,īŋŊ he said, as a motorcycle overtook them.
   īŋŊI had a dream about a motorcycle,īŋŊ said Harry, remembering suddenly. īŋŊIt was flying.īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache:īŋŊMOTORCYCLES DONīŋŊT FLY!īŋŊ
   Dudley and Piers sniggered.
   īŋŊI know they donīŋŊt,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊIt was only a dream.īŋŊ
   But he wished he hadnīŋŊt said anything. If there was one thing the Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything acting in a way it shouldnīŋŊt, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoonīŋŊthey seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.
   It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasnīŋŊt bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasnīŋŊt blond.
   Harry had the best morning heīŋŊd had in a long time. He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldnīŋŊt fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didnīŋŊt have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
   Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.
   After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man crushing pythons. Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle VernonīŋŊs car and crushed it into a trash canīŋŊbut at the moment it didnīŋŊt look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
   Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.
   īŋŊMake it move,īŋŊ he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didnīŋŊt budge.
   īŋŊDo it again,īŋŊ Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
   īŋŊThis is boring,īŋŊ Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
   Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldnīŋŊt have been surprised if it had died of boredom itselfīŋŊno company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at leasthe got to visit the rest of the house.
   The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with HarryīŋŊs.
   It winked.
   Harry stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was watching. They werenīŋŊt. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
   The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:
   īŋŊI get that all the time.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI know,īŋŊ Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasnīŋŊt sure the snake could hear him. īŋŊIt must be really annoying.īŋŊ
   The snake nodded vigorously.
   īŋŊWhere do you come from, anyway?īŋŊ Harry asked.
   The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at it.
   Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
   īŋŊWas it nice there?īŋŊ
   The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on:This specimen was bred in the zoo.īŋŊOh, I seeīŋŊso youīŋŊve never been to Brazil?īŋŊ
   As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.
   īŋŊDUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WONīŋŊT BELIEVE WHAT ITīŋŊS DOING!īŋŊ
   Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
   īŋŊOut of the way, you,īŋŊ he said, punching Harry in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happenedīŋŊone second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.
   Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictorīŋŊs tank had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.
   As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said,īŋŊBrazil, here I comeīŋŊ Thanksss, amigo.īŋŊ
   The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
   īŋŊBut the glass,īŋŊ he kept saying, īŋŊwhere did the glass go?īŋŊ
   The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadnīŋŊt done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle VernonīŋŊs car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, īŋŊHarry was talking to it, werenīŋŊt you, Harry?īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say,īŋŊGoīŋŊcupboardīŋŊstayīŋŊno meals,īŋŊ before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
   Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He didnīŋŊt know what time it was and he couldnīŋŊt be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. Until they were, he couldnīŋŊt risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.
   HeīŋŊd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since heīŋŊd been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash. He couldnīŋŊt remember being in the car when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he couldnīŋŊt imagine where all the green light came from. He couldnīŋŊt remember his parents at all. His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
   When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to get a closer look.
   At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that DudleyīŋŊs gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with DudleyīŋŊs gang.
   3. THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE
   The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.
   Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping DudleyīŋŊs gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in DudleyīŋŊs favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
   This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldnīŋŊt be with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle VernonīŋŊs old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudley thought this was very funny.
   īŋŊThey stuff peopleīŋŊs heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,īŋŊ he told Harry. īŋŊWant to come upstairs and practice?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, thanks,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊThe poor toiletīŋŊs never had anything as horrible as your head down itīŋŊit might be sick.īŋŊ Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what heīŋŊd said.
   One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. FiggīŋŊs. Mrs. Figg wasnīŋŊt as bad as usual. It turned out sheīŋŊd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and she didnīŋŊt seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Harry watch television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though sheīŋŊd had it for several years.
   That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand new uniform. SmeltingsīŋŊ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers werenīŋŊt looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.
   As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldnīŋŊt believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown up. Harry didnīŋŊt trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.* * *
   There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs this?īŋŊ he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.
   īŋŊYour new school uniform,īŋŊ she said.
   Harry looked in the bowl again.
   īŋŊOh,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊI didnīŋŊt realize it had to be so wet.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt be stupid,īŋŊ snapped Aunt Petunia. īŋŊIīŋŊm dyeing some of DudleyīŋŊs old things gray for you. ItīŋŊll look just like everyone elseīŋŊs when IīŋŊve finished.īŋŊ
   Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall HighīŋŊlike he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.
   Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from HarryīŋŊs new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.
   They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
   īŋŊGet the mail, Dudley,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.
   īŋŊMake Harry get it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGet the mail, Harry.īŋŊ
   īŋŊMake Dudley get it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊPoke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.īŋŊ
   Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle VernonīŋŊs sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, andīŋŊa letter for Harry. Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relativesīŋŊhe didnīŋŊt belong to the library, so heīŋŊd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
   Mr.īŋŊH.īŋŊPotter
   The Cupboard under the Stairs
   4 Privet Drive
   Little Whinging
   Surrey
   The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald green ink. There was no stamp.
   Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letterH.
   īŋŊHurry up, boy!īŋŊ shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. īŋŊWhat are you doing, checking for letter bombs?īŋŊ He chuckled at his own joke.
   Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.
   Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.
   īŋŊMargeīŋŊs ill,īŋŊ he informed Aunt Petunia. īŋŊAte a funny whelk.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDad!īŋŊ said Dudley suddenly. īŋŊDad, HarryīŋŊs got something!īŋŊ
   Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊsmine!īŋŊ said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊd be writing to you?īŋŊ sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didnīŋŊt stop there. Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.
   īŋŊP-P-Petunia!īŋŊ he gasped.
   Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.
   īŋŊVernon! Oh my goodnessīŋŊVernon!īŋŊ
   They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasnīŋŊt used to being ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
   īŋŊI want to read that letter,īŋŊ he said loudly.
   īŋŊI want to read it,īŋŊ said Harry furiously, īŋŊas itīŋŊsmine.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGet out, both of you,īŋŊ croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.
   Harry didnīŋŊt move.
   īŋŊI WANT MY LETTER!īŋŊ he shouted.
   īŋŊLetme see it!īŋŊ demanded Dudley.
   īŋŊOUT!īŋŊ roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.
   īŋŊVernon,īŋŊ Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, īŋŊlook at the addressīŋŊhow could they possibly know where he sleeps? You donīŋŊt think theyīŋŊre watching the house?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWatchingīŋŊspyingīŋŊmight be following us,īŋŊ muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.
   īŋŊBut what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we donīŋŊt wantīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry could see Uncle VernonīŋŊs shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ he said finally. īŋŊNo, weīŋŊll ignore it. If they donīŋŊt get an answerīŋŊ Yes, thatīŋŊs bestīŋŊ we wonīŋŊt do anythingīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊButīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not having one in the house, Petunia! DidnīŋŊt we swear when we took him in weīŋŊd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?īŋŊ
   That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something heīŋŊd never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
   īŋŊWhereīŋŊs my letter?īŋŊ said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door. īŋŊWhoīŋŊs writing to me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo one. It was addressed to you by mistake,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon shortly. īŋŊI have burned it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt wasnot a mistake,īŋŊ said Harry angrily, īŋŊit had my cupboard on it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSILENCE!īŋŊ yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
   īŋŊErīŋŊyes, HarryīŋŊabout this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinkingīŋŊ youīŋŊre really getting a bit big for itīŋŊ we think it might be nice if you moved into DudleyīŋŊs second bedroom.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt ask questions!īŋŊ snapped his uncle. īŋŊTake this stuff upstairs, now.īŋŊ
   The DursleysīŋŊ house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle VernonīŋŊs sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldnīŋŊt fit into his first bedroom. It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighborīŋŊs dog; in the corner was DudleyīŋŊs first ever television set, which heīŋŊd put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the room that looked as though theyīŋŊd never been touched.
   From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother,īŋŊI donīŋŊtwant him in thereīŋŊ Ineed that roomīŋŊ make him get outīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday heīŋŊd have given anything to be up here. Today heīŋŊd rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it.
   Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in shock. HeīŋŊd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didnīŋŊt have his room back. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing heīŋŊd opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.
   When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted,īŋŊThereīŋŊs another one! īŋŊMr.īŋŊH.īŋŊPotter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet DriveīŋŊīŋŊīŋŊ
   With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with HarryīŋŊs letter clutched in his hand.
   īŋŊGo to your cupboardīŋŊI mean, your bedroom,īŋŊ he wheezed at Harry. īŋŊDudleyīŋŊgoīŋŊjust go.īŋŊ
   Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadnīŋŊt received his first letter. Surely that meant theyīŋŊd try again? And this time heīŋŊd make sure they didnīŋŊt fail. He had a plan.
   The repaired alarm clock rang at six oīŋŊclock the next morning. Harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustnīŋŊt wake the Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
   He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front doorīŋŊ
   īŋŊAAAAARRRGH!īŋŊ
   Harry leapt into the air; heīŋŊd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormatīŋŊsomethingalive!
   Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncleīŋŊs face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making sure that Harry didnīŋŊt do exactly what heīŋŊd been trying to do. He shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle VernonīŋŊs lap. Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.
   īŋŊI wantīŋŊīŋŊ he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes.
   Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
   īŋŊSee,īŋŊ he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, īŋŊif they canīŋŊtdeliver them theyīŋŊll just give up.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not sure thatīŋŊll work, Vernon.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, these peopleīŋŊs minds work in strange ways, Petunia, theyīŋŊre not like you and me,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
   On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldnīŋŊt go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.
   Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. He hummedīŋŊTiptoe Through the TulipsīŋŊ as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
   On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
   īŋŊWho on earth wants to talk toyou this badly?īŋŊ Dudley asked Harry in amazement.* * *
   On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.
   īŋŊNo post on Sundays,īŋŊ he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, īŋŊno damn letters todayīŋŊīŋŊ
   Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch oneīŋŊ
   īŋŊOut! OUT!īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
   īŋŊThat does it,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. īŋŊI want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. WeīŋŊre going away. Just pack some clothes. No arguments!īŋŊ
   He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.
   They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didnīŋŊt dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.
   īŋŊShake īŋŊem offīŋŊ shake īŋŊem off,īŋŊ he would mutter whenever he did this.
   They didnīŋŊt stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was howling. HeīŋŊd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, heīŋŊd missed five television programs heīŋŊd wanted to see, and heīŋŊd never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
   Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wonderingīŋŊ
   They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table.
   īŋŊīŋŊScuse me, but is one of you Mr.īŋŊH.īŋŊPotter? Only I got about an īŋŊundred of these at the front desk.īŋŊ
   She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
   Mr.īŋŊH.īŋŊPotter
   Room 17
   Railview Hotel
   Cokeworth
   Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared.
   īŋŊIīŋŊll take them,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following her from the dining room.* * *
   īŋŊWouldnīŋŊt it be better just to go home, dear?īŋŊ Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didnīŋŊt seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.
   īŋŊDaddyīŋŊs gone mad, hasnīŋŊt he?īŋŊ Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
   It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud ley sniveled.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs Monday,īŋŊ he told his mother. īŋŊThe Great HumbertoīŋŊs on tonight. I want to stay somewhere with atelevision.īŋŊ
   Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If itwas MondayīŋŊand you could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of televisionīŋŊthen tomorrow, Tuesday, was HarryīŋŊs eleventh birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never exactly funīŋŊlast year, the Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle VernonīŋŊs old socks. Still,you werenīŋŊt eleven every day.
   Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and didnīŋŊt answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what heīŋŊd bought.
   īŋŊFound the perfect place!īŋŊ he said. īŋŊCome on! Everyone out!īŋŊ
   It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was certain, there was no television in there.
   īŋŊStorm forecast for tonight!īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together. īŋŊAnd this gentlemanīŋŊs kindly agreed to lend us his boat!īŋŊ
   A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron gray water below them.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve already got us some rations,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, īŋŊso all aboard!īŋŊ
   It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken down house.
   The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
   Uncle VernonīŋŊs rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
   īŋŊCould do with some of those letters now, eh?īŋŊ he said cheerfully.
   He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though the thought didnīŋŊt cheer him up at all.
   As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth eaten sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.
   The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Harry couldnīŋŊt sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger. DudleyīŋŊs snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of DudleyīŋŊs watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry heīŋŊd be eleven in ten minutesīŋŊ time. He lay and watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
   Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak outside. He hoped the roof wasnīŋŊt going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letters when they got back that heīŋŊd be able to steal one somehow.
   Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was the rock crumbling into the sea?
   One minute to go and heīŋŊd be eleven. Thirty secondsīŋŊ twentyīŋŊ tenīŋŊ nineīŋŊmaybe heīŋŊd wake Dudley up, just to annoy himīŋŊthreeīŋŊ twoīŋŊ oneīŋŊ
   BOOM.
   The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
   4. THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS
   BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake.īŋŊWhereīŋŊs the cannon?īŋŊ he said stupidly.
   There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his handsīŋŊnow they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊs there?īŋŊ he shouted. īŋŊI warn youīŋŊIīŋŊm armed!īŋŊ
   There was a pause. ThenīŋŊ
   SMASH!
   The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
   A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.
   The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. He turned to look at them all.
   īŋŊCouldnīŋŊt make us a cup oīŋŊ tea, could yeh? ItīŋŊs not been an easy journeyīŋŊīŋŊ
   He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
   īŋŊBudge up, yeh great lump,īŋŊ said the stranger.
   Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
   īŋŊAnīŋŊ hereīŋŊs Harry!īŋŊ said the giant.
   Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
   īŋŊLasīŋŊ time I saw you, you was only a baby,īŋŊ said the giant. īŋŊYeh look a lot like yer dad, but yehīŋŊve got yer momīŋŊs eyes.īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
   īŋŊI demand that you leave at once, sir!īŋŊ he said. īŋŊYou are breaking and entering!īŋŊ
   īŋŊAh, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,īŋŊ said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle VernonīŋŊs hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.
   Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
   īŋŊAnywayīŋŊHarry,īŋŊ said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, īŋŊa very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh hereīŋŊI mighta sat on it at some point, but itīŋŊll taste all right.īŋŊ
   From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake withHappy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing.
   Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was,īŋŊWho are you?īŋŊ
   The giant chuckled.
   īŋŊTrue, I havenīŋŊt introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.īŋŊ
   He held out an enormous hand and shook HarryīŋŊs whole arm.
   īŋŊWhat about that tea then, eh?īŋŊ he said, rubbing his hands together. īŋŊIīŋŊd not say no ter summat stronger if yehīŋŊve got it, mind.īŋŊ
   His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldnīŋŊt see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though heīŋŊd sunk into a hot bath.
   The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply,īŋŊDonīŋŊt touch anything he gives you, Dudley.īŋŊ
   The giant chuckled darkly.
   īŋŊYer great puddinīŋŊ of a son donīŋŊ need fatteninīŋŊ anymore, Dursley, donīŋŊ worry.īŋŊ
   He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldnīŋŊt take his eyes off the giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, īŋŊIīŋŊm sorry, but I still donīŋŊt really know who you are.īŋŊ
   The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
   īŋŊCall me Hagrid,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊeveryone does. AnīŋŊ like I told yeh, IīŋŊm Keeper of Keys at HogwartsīŋŊyehīŋŊll know all about Hogwarts, oīŋŊ course.īŋŊ
   īŋŊErīŋŊno,īŋŊ said Harry.
   Hagrid looked shocked.
   īŋŊSorry,īŋŊ Harry said quickly.
   īŋŊSorry?īŋŊ barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows.īŋŊItīŋŊ s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh werenīŋŊt gettinīŋŊ yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldnīŋŊt even know abouīŋŊ Hogwarts, fer cryinīŋŊ out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents learned it all?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll what?īŋŊ asked Harry.
   īŋŊALL WHAT?īŋŊ Hagrid thundered. īŋŊNow wait jusīŋŊ one second!īŋŊ
   He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.
   īŋŊDo you mean ter tell me,īŋŊ he growled at the Dursleys, īŋŊthat this boyīŋŊthis boy!īŋŊknows nothinīŋŊ abouīŋŊīŋŊabout ANYTHING?īŋŊ
   Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks werenīŋŊt bad.
   īŋŊI knowsome things,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊI can, you know, do math and stuff.īŋŊ But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, īŋŊAbout our world, I mean.Your world.My world.Yer parentsīŋŊ world.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat world?īŋŊ
   Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
   īŋŊDURSLEY!īŋŊ he boomed.
   Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded likeīŋŊMimblewimble.īŋŊ Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.
   īŋŊBut yeh must know about yet mom and dad,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊI mean, theyīŋŊrefamous. YouīŋŊrefamous.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat? MyīŋŊmy mom and dad werenīŋŊt famous, were they?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeh donīŋŊ knowīŋŊ yeh donīŋŊ knowīŋŊīŋŊ Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.
   īŋŊYeh donīŋŊ know what yehare?īŋŊ he said finally.
   Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.
   īŋŊStop!īŋŊ he commanded. īŋŊStop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!īŋŊ
   A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.
   īŋŊYou never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! AnīŋŊ youīŋŊve kept it from him all these years?īŋŊ
   īŋŊKeptwhat from me?īŋŊ said Harry eagerly.
   īŋŊSTOP! I FORBID YOU!īŋŊ yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
   Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.
   īŋŊAh, go boil yet heads, both of yeh,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊHarryīŋŊyer a wizard.īŋŊ
   There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm awhat?īŋŊ gasped Harry.
   īŋŊA wizard, oīŋŊ course,īŋŊ said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, īŋŊanīŋŊ a thumpinīŋŊ goodīŋŊun, IīŋŊd say, once yehīŋŊve been trained up a bit. With a mum anīŋŊ dad like yours, what else would yeh be? AnīŋŊ I reckon itīŋŊs abouīŋŊ time yeh read yer letter.īŋŊ
   Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr.īŋŊH.īŋŊPotter, The Floor, Hut on the Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
   HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
   Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
   (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)

   Dear Mr. Potter,
   We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.
   Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.
   Yours sincerely,
   Minerva McGonagall,
   Deputy Headmistress
   Questions exploded inside HarryīŋŊs head like fireworks and he couldnīŋŊt decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, īŋŊWhat does it mean, they await my owl?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGallopinīŋŊ Gorgons, that reminds me,īŋŊ said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owlīŋŊa real, live, rather ruffled looking owlīŋŊa long quill, and a roll of parchment. With his tonguebetween his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down:
   Dear Professor Dumbledore,
   Given Harry his letter.
   Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.
   WeatherīŋŊs horrible. Hope youīŋŊre well.
   Hagrid
   Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.
   Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
   īŋŊWhere was I?īŋŊ said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs not going,īŋŊ he said.
   Hagrid grunted.
   īŋŊIīŋŊd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊA what?īŋŊ said Harry, interested.
   īŋŊA Muggle,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊitīŋŊs what we call nonmagic folk like them. AnīŋŊ itīŋŊs your bad luck you grew up in a family oīŋŊ the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWe swore when we took him in weīŋŊd put a stop to that rubbish,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, īŋŊswore weīŋŊd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou knew?īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊYouknew IīŋŊm aīŋŊa wizard?īŋŊ
   īŋŊKnew!īŋŊ shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly.īŋŊKnew! Of course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to thatīŋŊthatschoolīŋŊand came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she wasīŋŊa freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!īŋŊ
   She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.
   īŋŊThen she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew youīŋŊd be just the same, just as strange, just asīŋŊasīŋŊabnormalīŋŊand then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!īŋŊ
   Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said,īŋŊBlown up? You told me they died in a car crash!īŋŊ
   īŋŊCAR CRASH!īŋŊ roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner. īŋŊHow could a car crash kill Lily anīŋŊ James Potter? ItīŋŊs an outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter not knowinīŋŊ his own story when every kid in our world knows his name!īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut why? What happened?īŋŊ Harry asked urgently.
   The anger faded from HagridīŋŊs face. He looked suddenly anxious.
   īŋŊI never expected this,īŋŊ he said, in a low, worried voice. īŋŊI had no idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettinīŋŊ hold of yeh, how much yeh didnīŋŊt know. Ah, Harry, I donīŋŊ know if IīŋŊm the right person ter tell yehīŋŊbut someoneīŋŊs gottaīŋŊyeh canīŋŊt go off ter Hogwarts not knowinīŋŊ.īŋŊ
   He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
   īŋŊWell, itīŋŊs best yeh know as much as I can tell yehīŋŊmind, I canīŋŊt tell yeh everythinīŋŊ, itīŋŊs a great mystīŋŊry, parts of itīŋŊīŋŊ
   He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said,īŋŊIt begins, I suppose, withīŋŊwith a person calledīŋŊbut itīŋŊs incredible yeh donīŋŊt know his name, everyone in our world knowsīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWho?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWellīŋŊI donīŋŊ like sayinīŋŊ the name if I can help it. No one does.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy not?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGulpinīŋŊ gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared. Blimey, this is difficult. See, there was this wizard who wentīŋŊ bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name wasīŋŊīŋŊ
   Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
   īŋŊCould you write it down?īŋŊ Harry suggested.
   īŋŊNah canīŋŊt spell it. All rightīŋŊVoldemort.īŋŊ Hagrid shuddered.īŋŊDonīŋŊt make me say it again. Anyway, thisīŋŊthis wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookinīŋŊ fer followers. Got īŋŊem, tooīŋŊsome were afraid, some just wanted a bit oīŋŊ his power, īŋŊcause he was gettinīŋŊ himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. DidnīŋŊt know who ter trust, didnīŋŊt dare get friendly with strange wizards or witchesīŋŊ terrible things happened. He was takinīŋŊ over. īŋŊCourse, some stood up to himīŋŊanīŋŊ he killed īŋŊem. Horribly. One oīŋŊ the only safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon DumbledoreīŋŊs the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. DidnīŋŊt dare trytakinīŋŊ the school, not jusīŋŊ then, anyway.
   īŋŊNow, yer mum anīŋŊ dad were as good a witch anīŋŊ wizard as I ever knew. Head boy anīŋŊ girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the mystīŋŊry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get īŋŊem on his side beforeīŋŊ probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythinīŋŊ ter do with the Dark Side.
   īŋŊMaybe he thought he could persuade īŋŊemīŋŊ maybe he just wanted īŋŊem outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old. He came ter yer house anīŋŊīŋŊanīŋŊīŋŊīŋŊ
   Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
   īŋŊSorry,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊBut itīŋŊs that sadīŋŊknew yer mum anīŋŊ dad, anīŋŊ nicer people yeh couldnīŋŊt findīŋŊanywayīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou-Know-Who killed īŋŊem. AnīŋŊ thenīŋŊanīŋŊ this is the real mystīŋŊry of the thingīŋŊhe tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killinīŋŊ by then. But he couldnīŋŊt do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary cut. ThatīŋŊs what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yehīŋŊtook care of yer mum anīŋŊ dad anīŋŊ yer house, evenīŋŊbut it didnīŋŊt work on you, anīŋŊ thatīŋŊs why yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill īŋŊem, no one except you, anīŋŊ heīŋŊd killed some oīŋŊ the best witches anīŋŊ wizards of the ageīŋŊthe McKinnons, the Bones, the PrewettsīŋŊanīŋŊ you was only a baby, anīŋŊ you lived.īŋŊ
   Something very painful was going on in HarryīŋŊs mind. As HagridīŋŊs story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it beforeīŋŊand he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.
   Hagrid was watching him sadly.
   īŋŊTook yeh from the ruined house myself, on DumbledoreīŋŊs orders. Brought yeh ter this lotīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊLoad of old tosh,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.
   īŋŊNow, you listen here, boy,īŋŊ he snarled, īŋŊI accept thereīŋŊs something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldnīŋŊt have curedīŋŊand as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the worldīŋŊs better off without them in my opinionīŋŊasked forall they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding typesīŋŊjust what I expected, always knew theyīŋŊd come to a sticky endīŋŊīŋŊ
   But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said,īŋŊIīŋŊm warning you, DursleyīŋŊIīŋŊm warning youīŋŊone more wordīŋŊīŋŊ
   In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle VernonīŋŊs courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs better,īŋŊ said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
   Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
   īŋŊBut what happened to VolīŋŊ, sorryīŋŊI mean, You-Know-Who?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGood question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. ThatīŋŊs the biggest mystīŋŊry, seeīŋŊ he was gettinīŋŊ more anīŋŊ more powerfulīŋŊwhyīŋŊd he go?
   īŋŊSome say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say heīŋŊs still out there, bidinīŋŊ his time, like, but I donīŋŊ believe it. People who was on his side came back ter ours. Some of īŋŊem came outta kinda trances. DonīŋŊ reckon they couldīŋŊve done if he was cominīŋŊ back.
   īŋŊMost of us reckon heīŋŊs still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. īŋŊCause somethinīŋŊ about you finished him, Harry. There was somethinīŋŊ goinīŋŊ on that night he hadnīŋŊt counted onīŋŊI dunno what it was, no one doesīŋŊbut somethinīŋŊ about you stumped him, all right.īŋŊ
   Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? HeīŋŊd spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadnīŋŊt they been turned into warty toads every time theyīŋŊd tried to lock him in his cupboard? If heīŋŊd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley hadalways been able to kick him around like a football?
   īŋŊHagrid,īŋŊ he said quietly, īŋŊI think you must have made a mistake. I donīŋŊt think I can be a wizard.īŋŊ
   To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
   īŋŊNot a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?īŋŊ
   Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think about itīŋŊ every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angryīŋŊ chased by DudleyīŋŊs gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reachīŋŊ dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, heīŋŊd managed to make it grow backīŋŊ and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadnīŋŊt he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? HadnīŋŊt he set a boa constrictor on him?
   Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.
   īŋŊSee?īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊHarry Potter, not a wizardīŋŊyou wait, youīŋŊll be right famous at Hogwarts.īŋŊ
   But Uncle Vernon wasnīŋŊt going to give in without a fight.
   īŋŊHavenīŋŊt I told you heīŋŊs not going?īŋŊ he hissed. īŋŊHeīŋŊs going to Stonewall High and heīŋŊll be grateful for it. IīŋŊve read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbishīŋŊspell books and wands andīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊIf he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you wonīŋŊt stop him,īŋŊ growled Hagrid. īŋŊStop Lily anīŋŊ James PotterīŋŊs son goinīŋŊ ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His nameīŋŊs been down ever since he was born. HeīŋŊs off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he wonīŋŊt know himself. HeīŋŊll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, anīŋŊ heīŋŊll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Albus DumbledīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!īŋŊ yelled Uncle Vernon.
   But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head,īŋŊNEVER,īŋŊ he thundered, īŋŊīŋŊINSULTīŋŊALBUSīŋŊDUMBLEDOREīŋŊINīŋŊFRONTīŋŊOFīŋŊME!īŋŊ
   He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at DudleyīŋŊthere was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pigīŋŊs tail poking through a hole in his trousers.
   Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.
   Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
   īŋŊShouldnīŋŊta lost me temper,īŋŊ he said ruefully, īŋŊbut it didnīŋŊt work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasnīŋŊt much left ter do.īŋŊ
   He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.
   īŋŊBe grateful if yeh didnīŋŊt mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊIīŋŊmīŋŊerīŋŊnot supposed ter do magic, strictly speakinīŋŊ. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh anīŋŊ get yer letters to yeh anīŋŊ stuffīŋŊone oīŋŊ the reasons I was so keen ter take on the jobīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy arenīŋŊt you supposed to do magic?īŋŊ asked Harry.
   īŋŊOh, wellīŋŊI was at Hogwarts meself but IīŋŊerīŋŊgot expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half anīŋŊ everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy were you expelled?īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs gettinīŋŊ late and weīŋŊve got lots ter do tomorrow,īŋŊ said Hagrid loudly. īŋŊGotta get up ter town, get all yer books anīŋŊ that.īŋŊ
   He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.
   īŋŊYou can kip under that,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊDonīŋŊ mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple oīŋŊ dormice in one oīŋŊ the pockets.īŋŊ
   5. DIAGON ALLEY
   Harry woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
   īŋŊIt was a dream,īŋŊ he told himself firmly. īŋŊI dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes IīŋŊll be at home in my cupboard.īŋŊ
   There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
   And thereīŋŊs Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking. But he still didnīŋŊt open his eyes. It had been such a good dream.
   Tap. Tap. Tap.
   īŋŊAll right,īŋŊ Harry mumbled, īŋŊIīŋŊm getting up.īŋŊ
   He sat up and HagridīŋŊs heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.
   Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who didnīŋŊt wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack HagridīŋŊs coat.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt do that.īŋŊ
   Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
   īŋŊHagrid!īŋŊ said Harry loudly. īŋŊThereīŋŊs an owlīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊPay him,īŋŊ Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHe wants payinīŋŊ fer deliverinīŋŊ the paper. Look in the pockets.īŋŊ
   HagridīŋŊs coat seemed to be made of nothingbut pocketsīŋŊbunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabagsīŋŊ finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange looking coins.
   īŋŊGive him five Knuts,īŋŊ said Hagrid sleepily.
   īŋŊKnuts?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe little bronze ones.īŋŊ
   Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window.
   Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
   īŋŊBest be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London anīŋŊ buy all yer stuff fer school.īŋŊ
   Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.
   īŋŊUmīŋŊHagrid?īŋŊ
   īŋŊMm?īŋŊ said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
   īŋŊI havenīŋŊt got any moneyīŋŊand you heard Uncle Vernon last nightīŋŊ he wonīŋŊt pay for me to go and learn magic.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt worry about that,īŋŊ said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head. īŋŊDīŋŊyeh think yer parents didnīŋŊt leave yeh anything?īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut if their house was destroyedīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThey didnīŋŊ keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts. WizardsīŋŊ bank. Have a sausage, theyīŋŊre not bad coldīŋŊanīŋŊ I wouldnīŋŊ say no teh a bit oīŋŊ yer birthday cake, neither.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWizards havebanks?īŋŊ
   īŋŊJust the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins.īŋŊ
   Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
   īŋŊGoblins?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeahīŋŊso yehīŋŊd be mad ter try anīŋŊ rob it, IīŋŊll tell yeh that. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safeīŋŊīŋŊcept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter oīŋŊ fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business.īŋŊ Hagrid drew himself up proudly. īŋŊHe usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. FetchinīŋŊ you gettinīŋŊ things from GringottsīŋŊknows he can trust me, see.
   īŋŊGot everythinīŋŊ? Come on, then.īŋŊ
   Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
   īŋŊHow did you get here?īŋŊ Harry asked, looking around for another boat.
   īŋŊFlew,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   īŋŊFlew?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeahīŋŊbut weīŋŊll go back in this. Not sīŋŊpposed ter use magic now IīŋŊve got yeh.īŋŊ
   They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.
   īŋŊSeems a shame ter row, though,īŋŊ said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks. īŋŊIf I was terīŋŊerīŋŊspeed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentioninīŋŊ it at Hogwarts?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOf course not,īŋŊ said Harry, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.
   īŋŊWhy would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?īŋŊ Harry asked.
   īŋŊSpellsīŋŊenchantments,īŋŊ said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. īŋŊThey say thereīŋŊs dragons guardinīŋŊ the highsecurity vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer wayīŋŊGringotts is hundreds of miles under London, see. Deep under the Underground. YehīŋŊd die of hunger tryinīŋŊ ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat.īŋŊ
   Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, theDaily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, heīŋŊd never had so many questions in his life.
   īŋŊMinistry oīŋŊ Magic messinīŋŊ things up as usual,īŋŊ Hagrid muttered, turning the page.
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs a Ministry of Magic?īŋŊ Harry asked, before he could stop himself.
   īŋŊīŋŊCourse,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊThey wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, oīŋŊ course, but heīŋŊd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning, askinīŋŊ fer advice.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut what does a Ministry of Magicdo?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that thereīŋŊs still witches anīŋŊ wizards up anīŋŊ down the country.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy? Blimey, Harry, everyoneīŋŊd be wantinīŋŊ magic solutions to their problems. Nah, weīŋŊre best left alone.īŋŊ
   At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.
   Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldnīŋŊt blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, īŋŊSee that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHagrid,īŋŊ said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, īŋŊdid you say there aredragons at Gringotts?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, so they say,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊCrikey, IīŋŊd like a dragon.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊdlike one?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWanted one ever since I was a kidīŋŊhere we go.īŋŊ
   They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five minutesīŋŊ time. Hagrid, who didnīŋŊt understand īŋŊMuggle money,īŋŊ as he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
   People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary yellow circus tent.
   īŋŊStill got yer letter, Harry?īŋŊ he asked as he counted stitches. Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
   īŋŊGood,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊThereīŋŊs a list there of everything yeh need.īŋŊ
   Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadnīŋŊt noticed the night before, and read:
   HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
   UNIFORM
   First year students will require:
   1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
   2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
   3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
   4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
   Please note that all pupilsīŋŊ clothes should carry name tags
   COURSE BOOKS
   All students should have a copy of each of the following:
   The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
   A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
   Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
   A BeginnersīŋŊ Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch
   One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore
   Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
   Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander
   The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self Protection by Quentin Trimble
   OTHER EQUIPMENT
   1 wand
   1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set
   1 set of glass or crystal phials
   1 telescope set
   1 brass scales
   Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad
   PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS
   īŋŊCan we buy all this in London?īŋŊ Harry wondered aloud.
   īŋŊIf yeh know where to go,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt know how the Muggles manage without magic,īŋŊ he said as they climbed a broken down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.
   Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Harry hadnīŋŊt known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldnīŋŊt help trusting him.
   īŋŊThis is it,īŋŊ said Hagrid, coming to a halt, īŋŊthe Leaky Cauldron. ItīŋŊs a famous place.īŋŊ
   It was a tiny, grubby looking pub. If Hagrid hadnīŋŊt pointed it out, Harry wouldnīŋŊt have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didnīŋŊt glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they couldnīŋŊt see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside.
   For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying,īŋŊThe usual, Hagrid?īŋŊ
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt, Tom, IīŋŊm on Hogwarts business,īŋŊ said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on HarryīŋŊs shoulder and making HarryīŋŊs knees buckle.
   īŋŊGood Lord,īŋŊ said the bartender, peering at Harry, īŋŊis thisīŋŊcan this be ?īŋŊ
   The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
   īŋŊBless my soul,īŋŊ whispered the old bartender, īŋŊHarry PotterīŋŊ what an honor.īŋŊ
   He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.
   īŋŊWelcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.īŋŊ
   Harry didnīŋŊt know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid was beaming.
   Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
   īŋŊDoris Crockford, Mr. Potter, canīŋŊt believe IīŋŊm meeting you at last.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo proud, Mr. Potter, IīŋŊm just so proud.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAlways wanted to shake your handīŋŊIīŋŊm all of a flutter.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDelighted, Mr. Potter, just canīŋŊt tell you, DiggleīŋŊs the name, Dedalus Diggle.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊve seen you before!īŋŊ said Harry, as Dedalus DiggleīŋŊs top hat fell off in his excitement. īŋŊYou bowed to me once in a shop.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHe remembers!īŋŊ cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. īŋŊDid you hear that? He remembers me!īŋŊ Harry shook hands again and againīŋŊDoris Crockford kept coming back for more.
   A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.
   īŋŊProfessor Quirrell!īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊHarry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.īŋŊ
   īŋŊP-P-Potter,īŋŊ stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping HarryīŋŊs hand, īŋŊc-canīŋŊt t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?īŋŊ
   īŋŊD-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,īŋŊ muttered Professor Quirrell, as though heīŋŊd rather not think about it. īŋŊN-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?īŋŊ He laughed nervously. īŋŊYouīŋŊll be g-getting all your equipment, I suppose? IīŋŊve g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires, m-myself.īŋŊ He looked terrified at the very thought.
   But the others wouldnīŋŊt let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble.
   īŋŊMust get onīŋŊlots ter buy. Come on, Harry.īŋŊ
   Doris Crockford shook HarryīŋŊs hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
   Hagrid grinned at Harry.
   īŋŊTold yeh, didnīŋŊt I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblinīŋŊ ter meet yehīŋŊmind you, heīŋŊs usually tremblinīŋŊ.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIs he always that nervous?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was studyinīŋŊ outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand experienceīŋŊ They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there was a nasty bit oīŋŊ trouble with a hagīŋŊnever been the same since. Scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, whereīŋŊs me umbrella?īŋŊ
   Vampires? Hags? HarryīŋŊs head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
   īŋŊThree upīŋŊ two across,īŋŊ he muttered. īŋŊRight, stand back, Harry.īŋŊ
   He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.
   The brick he had touched quiveredīŋŊit wriggledīŋŊin the middle, a small hole appearedīŋŊit grew wider and widerīŋŊa second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
   īŋŊWelcome,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊto Diagon Alley.īŋŊ
   He grinned at HarryīŋŊs amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.
   The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. CauldronsīŋŊAll SizesīŋŊCopper, Brass, Pewter, SilverīŋŊSelf StirringīŋŊCollapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
   īŋŊYeah, youīŋŊll be needinīŋŊ one,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊbut we gotta get yer money first.īŋŊ
   Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying,īŋŊDragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, theyīŋŊre madīŋŊīŋŊ
   A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl EmporiumīŋŊTawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of about HarryīŋŊs age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. īŋŊLook,īŋŊ Harry heard one of them say, īŋŊthe new Nimbus Two ThousandīŋŊfastest everīŋŊīŋŊ There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eelsīŋŊ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moonīŋŊ
   īŋŊGringotts,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, wasīŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah, thatīŋŊs a goblin,īŋŊ said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.
   īŋŊLike I said, YehīŋŊd be mad ter try anīŋŊ rob it,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.
   īŋŊMorning,īŋŊ said Hagrid to a free goblin. īŋŊWeīŋŊve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry PotterīŋŊs safe.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou have his key, sir?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGot it here somewhere,īŋŊ said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblinīŋŊs book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.
   īŋŊGot it,īŋŊ said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
   The goblin looked at it closely.
   īŋŊThat seems to be in order.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnīŋŊ IīŋŊve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,īŋŊ said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. īŋŊItīŋŊs about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen.īŋŊ
   The goblin read the letter carefully.
   īŋŊVery well,īŋŊ he said, handing it back to Hagrid, īŋŊI will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!īŋŊ
   Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?īŋŊ Harry asked.
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt tell yeh that,īŋŊ said Hagrid mysteriously. īŋŊVery secret. Hogwarts business. DumbledoreīŋŊs trusted me. More īŋŊn my jobīŋŊs worth ter tell yeh that.īŋŊ
   Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expected more marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed inīŋŊHagrid with some difficultyīŋŊand were off.
   At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasnīŋŊt steering.
   HarryīŋŊs eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too lateīŋŊthey plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
   īŋŊI never know,īŋŊ Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, īŋŊwhatīŋŊs the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?īŋŊ
   īŋŊStalagmiteīŋŊs got an īŋŊmīŋŊ in it,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊAnīŋŊ donīŋŊ ask me questions just now, I think IīŋŊm gonna be sick.īŋŊ
   He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.
   Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
   īŋŊAll yours,īŋŊ smiled Hagrid.
   All HarryīŋŊsīŋŊit was incredible. The Dursleys couldnīŋŊt have known about this or theyīŋŊd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had they complained how much Harry cost them to keep? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
   Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.
   īŋŊThe gold ones are Galleons,īŋŊ he explained. īŋŊSeventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty nine Knuts to a Sickle, itīŋŊs easy enough. Right, that should be enough fer a couple oīŋŊ terms, weīŋŊll keep the rest safe for yeh.īŋŊ He turned to Griphook. īŋŊVault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOne speed only,īŋŊ said Griphook.
   They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
   Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
   īŋŊStand back,īŋŊ said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
   īŋŊIf anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, theyīŋŊd be sucked through the door and trapped in there,īŋŊ said Griphook.
   īŋŊHow often do you check to see if anyoneīŋŊs inside?īŋŊ Harry asked.
   īŋŊAbout once every ten years,īŋŊ said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.
   Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very leastīŋŊbut at first he thought it was empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
   īŋŊCome on, back in this infernal cart, and donīŋŊt talk to me on the way back, itīŋŊs best if I keep me mouth shut,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didnīŋŊt know where to run first now that he had a bag full of money. He didnīŋŊt have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than heīŋŊd had in his whole lifeīŋŊmore money than even Dudley had ever had.
   īŋŊMight as well get yer uniform,īŋŊ said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam MalkinīŋŊs Robes for All Occasions. īŋŊListen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick me up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts carts.īŋŊ He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam MalkinīŋŊs shop alone, feeling nervous.
   Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.
   īŋŊHogwarts, dear?īŋŊ she said, when Harry started to speak. īŋŊGot the lot hereīŋŊanother young man being fitted up just now, in fact.īŋŊ
   In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him, slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.
   īŋŊHello,īŋŊ said the boy, īŋŊHogwarts, too?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊMy fatherīŋŊs next door buying my books and motherīŋŊs up the street looking at wands,īŋŊ said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. īŋŊThen IīŋŊm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. I donīŋŊt see why first years canīŋŊt have their own. I think IīŋŊll bully father into getting meone and IīŋŊll smuggle it in somehow.īŋŊ
   Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.
   īŋŊHaveyou got your own broom?īŋŊ the boy went on.
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊPlay Quidditch at all?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
   īŋŊI doīŋŊFather says itīŋŊs a crime if IīŋŊm not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree. Know what house youīŋŊll be in yet?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
   īŋŊWell, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know IīŋŊll be in Slytherin, all our family have beenīŋŊimagine being in Hufflepuff, I think IīŋŊd leave, wouldnīŋŊt you?īŋŊ
   īŋŊMmm,īŋŊ said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.
   īŋŊI say, look at that man!īŋŊ said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldnīŋŊt come in.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs Hagrid,īŋŊ said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didnīŋŊt. īŋŊHe works at Hogwarts.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh,īŋŊ said the boy, īŋŊIīŋŊve heard of him. HeīŋŊs a sort of servant, isnīŋŊt he?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs the gamekeeper,īŋŊ said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less every second.
   īŋŊYes, exactly. I heard heīŋŊs a sort ofsavageīŋŊlives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI think heīŋŊs brilliant,īŋŊ said Harry coldly.
   īŋŊDo you?īŋŊ said the boy, with a slight sneer. īŋŊWhy is he with you? Where are your parents?īŋŊ
   īŋŊTheyīŋŊre dead,īŋŊ said Harry shortly. He didnīŋŊt feel much like going into the matter with this boy.
   īŋŊOh, sorry,īŋŊ said the other, not sounding sorry at all. īŋŊBut they wereour kind, werenīŋŊt they?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThey were a witch and wizard, if thatīŋŊs what you mean.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI really donīŋŊt think they should let the other sort in, do you? TheyīŋŊre just not the same, theyīŋŊve never been brought up to know our ways. Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families. WhatīŋŊs your surname, anyway?īŋŊ
   But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said,īŋŊThatīŋŊs you done, my dear,īŋŊ and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.
   īŋŊWell, IīŋŊll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,īŋŊ said the drawling boy.
   Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs up?īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   īŋŊNothing,īŋŊ Harry lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, īŋŊHagrid, whatīŋŊs Quidditch?īŋŊ
   īŋŊBlimey, Harry, I keep forgettinīŋŊ how little yeh knowīŋŊnot knowinīŋŊ about Quidditch!īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt make me feel worse,īŋŊ said Harry. He told Hagrid about the pate boy in Madam MalkinīŋŊs.
   īŋŊīŋŊand he said people from Muggle families shouldnīŋŊt even be allowed in.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYernot from a Muggle family. If heīŋŊd known who yehwereīŋŊheīŋŊs grown up knowinīŋŊ yer name if his parents are wizardinīŋŊ folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what does he know about it, some oīŋŊ the best I ever saw were the only ones with magic in īŋŊem in a long line oīŋŊ MugglesīŋŊlook at yer mum! Look what she had fer a sister!īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo whatis Quidditch?īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs our sport. Wizard sport. ItīŋŊs likeīŋŊlike soccer in the Muggle worldīŋŊeveryone follows QuidditchīŋŊplayed up in the air on broomsticks and thereīŋŊs four ballsīŋŊsorta hard ter explain the rules.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?īŋŊ
   īŋŊSchool houses. ThereīŋŊs four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot oīŋŊ duffers, butīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI bet IīŋŊm in Hufflepuff,īŋŊ said Harry gloomily.
   īŋŊBetter Hufflepuff than Slytherin,īŋŊ said Hagrid darkly. īŋŊThereīŋŊs not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasnīŋŊt in Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one.īŋŊ
   īŋŊVolīŋŊsorryīŋŊYou-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYears anīŋŊ years ago,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   They bought HarryīŋŊs school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away fromCurses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
   īŋŊI was trying to find out how to curse Dudley.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not sayinīŋŊ thatīŋŊs not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊAnīŋŊ anyway, yeh couldnīŋŊ work any of the curses yet, yehīŋŊll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.īŋŊ
   Hagrid wouldnīŋŊt let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (īŋŊIt says pewter on yer listīŋŊ), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
   Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked HarryīŋŊs list again.
   īŋŊJust yer wand leftīŋŊA yeah, anīŋŊ I still havenīŋŊt got yeh a birthday present.īŋŊ
   Harry felt himself go red.
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt have toīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI know I donīŋŊt have to. Tell yeh what, IīŋŊll get yer animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yehīŋŊd be laughed atīŋŊanīŋŊ I donīŋŊ like cats, they make me sneeze. IīŋŊll get yer an owl. All the kids want owls, theyīŋŊre dead useful, carry yer mail anīŋŊ everythinīŋŊ.īŋŊ
   Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel bright eyes. Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing. He couldnīŋŊt stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊ mention it,īŋŊ said Hagrid gruffly. īŋŊDonīŋŊ expect youīŋŊve had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just OllivanderīŋŊs left nowīŋŊonly place fer wands, OllivanderīŋŊs, and yeh gotta have the best wand.īŋŊ
   A magic wandīŋŊ this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.
   The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door readOllivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.
   A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.
   īŋŊGood afternoon,īŋŊ said a soft voice. Harry jumped. Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.
   An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.
   īŋŊHello,īŋŊ said Harry awkwardly.
   īŋŊAh yes,īŋŊ said the man. īŋŊYes, yes. I thought IīŋŊd be seeing you soon. Harry Potter.īŋŊ It wasnīŋŊt a question. īŋŊYou have your motherīŋŊs eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm work.īŋŊ
   Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
   īŋŊYour father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I say your father favored itīŋŊitīŋŊs really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course.īŋŊ
   Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
   īŋŊAnd thatīŋŊs whereīŋŊīŋŊ
   Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on HarryīŋŊs forehead with a long, white finger.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,īŋŊ he said softly. īŋŊThirteen and a half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong handsīŋŊ well, if IīŋŊd known what that wand was going out into the world to doīŋŊīŋŊ
   He shook his head and then, to HarryīŋŊs relief, spotted Hagrid.
   īŋŊRubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you againīŋŊ Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt was, sir, yes,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   īŋŊGood wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?īŋŊ said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
   īŋŊErīŋŊyes, they did, yes,īŋŊ said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. īŋŊIīŋŊve still got the pieces, though,īŋŊ he added brightly.
   īŋŊBut you donīŋŊtuse them?īŋŊ said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
   īŋŊOh, no, sir,īŋŊ said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
   īŋŊHmmm,īŋŊ said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. īŋŊWell, nowīŋŊMr. Potter. Let me see.īŋŊ He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his pocket. īŋŊWhich is your wand arm?īŋŊ
   īŋŊErīŋŊwell, IīŋŊm right handed,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊHold out your arm. ThatīŋŊs it.īŋŊ He measured Harry from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured, he said, īŋŊEvery Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizardīŋŊs wand.īŋŊ
   Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
   īŋŊThat will do,īŋŊ he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. īŋŊRight then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. Just take it and give it a wave.īŋŊ
   Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
   īŋŊMaple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. TryīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry triedīŋŊbut he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.
   īŋŊNo, no here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy. Go on, go on, try it out.īŋŊ
   Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
   īŋŊTricky customer, eh? Not to worry, weīŋŊll find the perfect match here somewhereīŋŊI wonder, nowīŋŊyes, why notīŋŊunusual combinationīŋŊholly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.īŋŊ
   Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried,īŋŊOh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, wellīŋŊ how curiousīŋŊ how very curiousīŋŊīŋŊ
   He put HarryīŋŊs wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, īŋŊCuriousīŋŊ curiousīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSorry,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊbutwhatīŋŊs curious?īŋŊ
   Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.
   īŋŊI remember every wand IīŋŊve ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another featherīŋŊjust one other. It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when itīŋŊs brotherīŋŊwhy, itīŋŊs brother gave you that scar.īŋŊ
   Harry swallowed.
   īŋŊYes, thirteen and a half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, rememberīŋŊ I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. PotterīŋŊ After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great thingsīŋŊterrible, yes, but great.īŋŊ
   Harry shivered. He wasnīŋŊt sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.
   The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Harry didnīŋŊt speak at all as they walked down the road; he didnīŋŊt even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on HarryīŋŊs lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
   īŋŊGot time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves,īŋŊ he said.
   He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
   īŋŊYou all right, Harry? Yer very quiet,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   Harry wasnīŋŊt sure he could explain. HeīŋŊd just had the best birthday of his lifeīŋŊand yetīŋŊhe chewed his hamburger, trying to find the words.
   īŋŊEveryone thinks IīŋŊm special,īŋŊ he said at last. īŋŊAll those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. OllivanderīŋŊ but I donīŋŊt know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? IīŋŊm famous and I canīŋŊt even remember what IīŋŊm famous for. I donīŋŊt know what happened when VolīŋŊsorryīŋŊI mean, the night my parents died.īŋŊ
   Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊ you worry, Harry. YouīŋŊll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, youīŋŊll be just fine. Just be yerself. I know itīŋŊs hard. YehīŋŊve been singled out, anīŋŊ thatīŋŊs always hard. But yehīŋŊll have a great time at HogwartsīŋŊI didīŋŊstill do, īŋŊsmatter of fact.īŋŊ
   Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
   īŋŊYer ticket fer Hogwarts,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊFirst oīŋŊ SeptemberīŋŊKingīŋŊs CrossīŋŊitīŋŊs all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a letter with yer owl, sheīŋŊll know where to find meīŋŊ See yeh soon, Harry.īŋŊ
   The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
   6. THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE QUARTERS
   HarryīŋŊs last month with the Dursleys wasnīŋŊt fun. True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldnīŋŊt stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didnīŋŊt shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at himīŋŊin fact, they didnīŋŊt speak to him at all. Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while.
   Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found inA History of Magic. His school books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didnīŋŊt come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first.
   On the last day of August he thought heīŋŊd better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to KingīŋŊs Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
   īŋŊErīŋŊUncle Vernon?īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
   īŋŊErīŋŊI need to be at KingīŋŊs Cross tomorrow toīŋŊto go to Hogwarts.īŋŊ
   Uncle Vernon grunted again.
   īŋŊWould it be all right if you gave me a lift?īŋŊ
   Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes.
   īŋŊThank you.īŋŊ
   He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
   īŋŊFunny way to get to a wizardsīŋŊ school, the train. Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?īŋŊ
   Harry didnīŋŊt say anything.
   īŋŊWhere is this school, anyway?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt know,īŋŊ said Harry, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
   īŋŊI just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven oīŋŊclock,īŋŊ he read.
   His aunt and uncle stared.
   īŋŊPlatform what?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNine and three-quarters.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt talk rubbish,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon. īŋŊThere is no platform nine and three-quarters.īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs on my ticket.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBarking,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon, īŋŊhowling mad, the lot of them. YouīŋŊll see. You just wait. All right, weīŋŊll take you to KingīŋŊs Cross. WeīŋŊre going up to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldnīŋŊt bother.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy are you going to London?īŋŊ Harry asked, trying to keep things friendly.
   īŋŊTaking Dudley to the hospital,īŋŊ growled Uncle Vernon. īŋŊGot to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.īŋŊ
   Harry woke at five oīŋŊclock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didnīŋŊt want to walk into the station in his wizardīŋŊs robesīŋŊheīŋŊd change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two hours later, HarryīŋŊs huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the DursleysīŋŊ car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.
   They reached KingīŋŊs Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped HarryīŋŊs trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
   īŋŊWell, there you are, boy. Platform nineīŋŊplatform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they donīŋŊt seem to have built it yet, do they?īŋŊ
   He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all.
   īŋŊHave a good term,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. HarryīŋŊs mouth went rather dry. What on earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. HeīŋŊd have to ask someone.
   He stopped a passing guard, but didnīŋŊt dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldnīŋŊt even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose. Getting desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at eleven oīŋŊclock, but the guard said there wasnīŋŊt one. In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it;he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.
   Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspectorīŋŊs stand between platforms nine and ten.
   At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.
   īŋŊīŋŊpacked with Muggles, of courseīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like HarryīŋŊs in front of himīŋŊand they had anowl.
   Heart hammering, Harry pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
   īŋŊNow, whatīŋŊs the platform number?īŋŊ said the boysīŋŊ mother.
   īŋŊNine and three-quarters!īŋŊ piped a small girl, also red headed, who was holding her hand, īŋŊMom, canīŋŊt I goīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go first.īŋŊ
   What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten. Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed itīŋŊbut just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
   īŋŊFred, you next,īŋŊ the plump woman said.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not Fred, IīŋŊm George,īŋŊ said the boy. īŋŊHonestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CanīŋŊt youtell IīŋŊm George?īŋŊ
   īŋŊSorry, George, dear.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOnly joking, I am Fred,īŋŊ said the boy, and off he went. His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had goneīŋŊbut how had he done it?
   Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost thereīŋŊand then, quite suddenly, he wasnīŋŊt anywhere.
   There was nothing else for it.
   īŋŊExcuse me,īŋŊ Harry said to the plump woman.
   īŋŊHello, dear,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊFirst time at Hogwarts? RonīŋŊs new, too.īŋŊ
   She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊThe thing isīŋŊthe thing is, I donīŋŊt know how toīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊHow to get onto the platform?īŋŊ she said kindly, and Harry nodded.
   īŋŊNot to worry,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊAll you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. DonīŋŊt stop and donīŋŊt be scared youīŋŊll crash into it, thatīŋŊs very important. Best do it at a bit of a run if youīŋŊre nervous. Go on, go now before Ron.īŋŊ
   īŋŊErīŋŊokay,īŋŊ said Harry.
   He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very solid.
   He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked more quickly. He was going to smash right into that barrier and then heīŋŊd be in troubleīŋŊleaning forward on his cart, he broke into a heavy runīŋŊthe barrier was coming nearer and nearerīŋŊhe wouldnīŋŊt be able to stopīŋŊthe cart was out of controlīŋŊhe was a foot awayīŋŊhe closed his eyes ready for the crashīŋŊ
   It didnīŋŊt comeīŋŊ he kept on runningīŋŊ he opened his eyes. A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven oīŋŊclock. Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought iron archway where the barrier had been, with the wordsPlatform Nine and Three-quarters on it. He had done it.
   Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.
   The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat. He passed a round faced boy who was saying,īŋŊGran, IīŋŊve lost my toad again.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh,Neville,īŋŊ he heard the old woman sigh.
   A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
   īŋŊGive us a look, Lee, go on.īŋŊ
   The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
   Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot.
   īŋŊWant a hand?īŋŊ It was one of the red haired twins heīŋŊd followed through the barrier.
   īŋŊYes, please,īŋŊ Harry panted.
   īŋŊOy, Fred! CīŋŊmere and help!īŋŊ
   With the twinsīŋŊ help, HarryīŋŊs trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.
   īŋŊThanks,īŋŊ said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs that?īŋŊ said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at HarryīŋŊs lightning scar.
   īŋŊBlimey,īŋŊ said the other twin. īŋŊAre youīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊHe is,īŋŊ said the first twin. īŋŊArenīŋŊt you?īŋŊ he added to Harry.
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊHarry Potter,īŋŊ chorused the twins.
   īŋŊOh, him,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊI mean, yes, I am.īŋŊ
   The two boys gawked at him, and Harry felt himself turning red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating in through the trainīŋŊs open door.
   īŋŊFred? George? Are you there?īŋŊ
   īŋŊComing, Mom.īŋŊ
   With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.
   Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the red haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.
   īŋŊRon, youīŋŊve got something on your nose.īŋŊ
   The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.
   īŋŊMomīŋŊgeroffīŋŊīŋŊ He wriggled free.
   īŋŊAaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?īŋŊ said one of the twins.
   īŋŊShut up,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊWhereīŋŊs Percy?īŋŊ said their mother.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs coming now.īŋŊ
   The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny silver badge on his chest with the letterP on it.
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt stay long, Mother,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊIīŋŊm up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselvesīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, are you aprefect, Percy?īŋŊ said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. īŋŊYou should have said something, we had no idea.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHang on, I think I remember him saying something about it,īŋŊ said the other twin. īŋŊOnceīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOr twiceīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊA minuteīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊAll summerīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, shut up,īŋŊ said Percy the Prefect.
   īŋŊHow come Percy gets new robes, anyway?īŋŊ said one of the twins.
   īŋŊBecause heīŋŊs aprefect,īŋŊ said their mother fondly.īŋŊAll right, dear, well, have a good termīŋŊsend me an owl when you get there.īŋŊ
   She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.
   īŋŊNow, you twoīŋŊthis year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me youīŋŊveīŋŊyouīŋŊve blown up a toilet orīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBlown up a toilet? WeīŋŊve never blown up a toilet.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGreat idea though, thanks, Mom.īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊsnot funny. And look after Ron.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.īŋŊ
   īŋŊShut up,īŋŊ said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
   īŋŊHey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?īŋŊ
   Harry leaned back quickly so they couldnīŋŊt see him looking.
   īŋŊYou know that black haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who he is?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWho?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHarry Potter!īŋŊ
   Harry heard the little girlīŋŊs voice.
   īŋŊOh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh pleaseīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isnīŋŊt something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAsked him. Saw his scar. ItīŋŊs really thereīŋŊlike lightning.īŋŊ
   īŋŊPoordearīŋŊno wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNever mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?īŋŊ
   Their mother suddenly became very stern.
   īŋŊI forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, donīŋŊt you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll right, keep your hair on.īŋŊ
   A whistle sounded.
   īŋŊHurry up!īŋŊ their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good bye, and their younger sister began to cry.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt, Ginny, weīŋŊll send you loads of owls.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGeorge!īŋŊ
   īŋŊOnly joking, Mom.īŋŊ
   The train began to move. Harry saw the boysīŋŊ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
   Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. Harry felt a great leap of excitement. He didnīŋŊt know what he was going to but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.
   The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.
   īŋŊAnyone sitting there?īŋŊ he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry. īŋŊEverywhere else is full.īŋŊ
   Harry shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadnīŋŊt looked. Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose.
   īŋŊHey, Ron.īŋŊ
   The twins were back.
   īŋŊListen, weīŋŊre going down the middle of the trainīŋŊLee JordanīŋŊs got a giant tarantula down there.īŋŊ
   īŋŊRight,īŋŊ mumbled Ron.
   īŋŊHarry,īŋŊ said the other twin, īŋŊdid we introduce ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBye,īŋŊ said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.
   īŋŊAre you really Harry Potter?īŋŊ Ron blurted out.
   Harry nodded.
   īŋŊOh well, I thought it might be one of Fred and GeorgeīŋŊs jokes,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊAnd have you really gotīŋŊyou knowīŋŊīŋŊ
   He pointed at HarryīŋŊs forehead.
   Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.
   īŋŊSo thatīŋŊs where You-Know-WhoīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊbut I canīŋŊt remember it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNothing?īŋŊ said Ron eagerly.
   īŋŊWellīŋŊI remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWow,īŋŊ said Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.
   īŋŊAre all your family wizards?īŋŊ asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.
   īŋŊErīŋŊYes, I think so,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊI think MomīŋŊs got a second cousin whoīŋŊs an accountant, but we never talk about him.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo you must know loads of magic already.īŋŊ
   The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
   īŋŊI heard you went to live with Muggles,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊWhat are they like?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHorribleīŋŊwell, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though. Wish IīŋŊd had three wizard brothers.īŋŊ
   īŋŊFive,īŋŊ said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. īŋŊIīŋŊm the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say IīŋŊve got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already leftīŋŊBill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now PercyīŋŊs a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks theyīŋŊre really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others, but if I do, itīŋŊs no big deal, because they did it first. You never get anything new, either, with five brothers. IīŋŊve got BillīŋŊs old robes, CharlieīŋŊs old wand, and PercyīŋŊs old rat.īŋŊ
   Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.
   īŋŊHis nameīŋŊs Scabbers and heīŋŊs useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldnīŋŊt affīŋŊI mean, I got Scabbers instead.īŋŊ
   RonīŋŊs ears went pink. He seemed to think heīŋŊd said too much, because he went back to staring out of the window.
   Harry didnīŋŊt think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all, heīŋŊd never had any money in his life until a month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear DudleyīŋŊs old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Ron up.
   īŋŊīŋŊand until Hagrid told me, I didnīŋŊt know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or VoldemortīŋŊīŋŊ
   Ron gasped.
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊYou said You-Know-WhoīŋŊs name!īŋŊ said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.īŋŊIīŋŊd have thought you, of all peopleīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not trying to bebrave or anything, saying the name,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊI just never knew you shouldnīŋŊt. See what I mean? IīŋŊve got loads to learnīŋŊ I bet,īŋŊ he added, voicing for the first time something that had been worrying him a lot lately, īŋŊI bet IīŋŊm the worst in the class.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou wonīŋŊt be. ThereīŋŊs loads of people who come from Muggle families and they learn quick enough.īŋŊ
   While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London. Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
   Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,īŋŊAnything off the cart, dears?īŋŊ
   Harry, who hadnīŋŊt had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but RonīŋŊs ears went pink again and he muttered that heīŋŊd brought sandwiches. Harry went out into the corridor.
   He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carryīŋŊbut the woman didnīŋŊt have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bettie BottīŋŊs Every Flavor Beans, DroobleīŋŊs Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
   Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.
   īŋŊHungry, are you?īŋŊ
   īŋŊStarving,īŋŊ said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
   Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said,īŋŊShe always forgets I donīŋŊt like corned beef.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSwap you for one of these,īŋŊ said Harry, holding up a pasty. īŋŊGo onīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt want this, itīŋŊs all dry,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊShe hasnīŋŊt got much time,īŋŊ he added quickly, īŋŊyou know, with five of us.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGo on, have a pasty,īŋŊ said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all HarryīŋŊs pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
   īŋŊWhat are these?īŋŊ Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs. īŋŊTheyīŋŊre notreally frogs, are they?īŋŊ He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him.
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊBut see what the card is. IīŋŊm missing Agrippa.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, of course, you wouldnīŋŊt knowīŋŊChocolate Frogs have cards, inside them, you know, to collectīŋŊfamous witches and wizards. IīŋŊve got about five hundred, but I havenīŋŊt got Agrippa or Ptolemy.īŋŊ
   Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a manīŋŊs face. He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore.
   īŋŊSothis is Dumbledore!īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt tell me youīŋŊd never heard of Dumbledore!īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊCan I have a frog? I might get AgrippaīŋŊthanksīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry turned over his card and read:
   ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
   CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
   Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragonīŋŊs blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
   Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that DumbledoreīŋŊs face had disappeared.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs gone!īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, you canīŋŊt expect him to hang around all day,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊHeīŋŊll be back. No, IīŋŊve got Morgana again and IīŋŊve got about six of herīŋŊ do you want it? You can start collecting.īŋŊ
   RonīŋŊs eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.
   īŋŊHelp yourself,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊBut in, you know, the Muggle world, people just stay put in photos.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDo they? What, they donīŋŊt move at all?īŋŊ Ron sounded amazed.īŋŊWeird!īŋŊ
   Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldnīŋŊt keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie BottīŋŊs Every Flavor Beans.
   īŋŊYou want to be careful with those,īŋŊ Ron warned Harry. īŋŊWhen they say every flavor, theymean every flavorīŋŊyou know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once.īŋŊ
   Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.
   īŋŊBleaaarghīŋŊsee? Sprouts.īŋŊ
   They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldnīŋŊt touch, which turned out to be pepper.
   The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills.
   There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in. He looked tearful.
   īŋŊSorry,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊbut have you seen a toad at all?īŋŊ
   When they shook their heads, he wailed,īŋŊIīŋŊve lost him! He keeps getting away from me!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊll turn up,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said the boy miserably. īŋŊWell, if you see himīŋŊīŋŊ
   He left.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt know why heīŋŊs so bothered,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊIf IīŋŊd brought a toad IīŋŊd lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I canīŋŊt talk.īŋŊ
   The rat was still snoozing on RonīŋŊs lap.
   īŋŊHe might have died and you wouldnīŋŊt know the difference,īŋŊ said Ron in disgust. īŋŊI tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didnīŋŊt work. IīŋŊll show you, lookīŋŊīŋŊ
   He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered looking wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.
   īŋŊUnicorn hairīŋŊs nearly poking out. AnywayīŋŊīŋŊ
   He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again. The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
   īŋŊHas anyone seen a toad? NevilleīŋŊs lost one,īŋŊ she said. She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve already told him we havenīŋŊt seen it,īŋŊ said Ron, but the girl wasnīŋŊt listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
   īŋŊOh, are you doing magic? LetīŋŊs see it, then.īŋŊ
   She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.
   īŋŊErīŋŊall right.īŋŊ
   He cleared his throat.īŋŊSunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.īŋŊ
   He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep.
   īŋŊAre you sure thatīŋŊs a real spell?īŋŊ said the girl. īŋŊWell, itīŋŊs not very good, is it? IīŋŊve tried a few simple spells just for practice and itīŋŊs all worked for me. Nobody in my familyīŋŊs magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, itīŋŊs the very best school of witchcraft there is, IīŋŊve heardīŋŊIīŋŊve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enoughīŋŊIīŋŊm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?īŋŊ
   She said all this very fast.
   Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadnīŋŊt learned all the course books by heart either.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm Ron Weasley,īŋŊ Ron muttered.
   īŋŊHarry Potter,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊAre you really?īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊI know all about you, of courseīŋŊI got a few extra books for background reading, and youīŋŊre inModern Magical History andThe Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts andGreat Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAm I?īŋŊ said Harry, feeling dazed.
   īŋŊGoodness, didnīŋŊt you know, IīŋŊd have found out everything I could if it was me,īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊDo either of you know what house youīŋŊll be in? IīŋŊve been asking around, and I hope IīŋŊm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldnīŋŊt be too badīŋŊ Anyway, weīŋŊd better go and look for NevilleīŋŊs toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect weīŋŊll be there soon.īŋŊ
   And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
   īŋŊWhatever house IīŋŊm in, I hope sheīŋŊs not in it,īŋŊ said Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. īŋŊStupid spellīŋŊGeorge gave it to me, bet he knew it was a dud.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat house are your brothers in?īŋŊ asked Harry.
   īŋŊGryffindor,īŋŊ said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. īŋŊMom and Dad were in it, too. I donīŋŊt know what theyīŋŊll say if IīŋŊm not. I donīŋŊt suppose Ravenclawwould be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs the house VolīŋŊ, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah,īŋŊ said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.
   īŋŊYou know, I think the ends of ScabbersīŋŊ whiskers are a bit lighter,īŋŊ said Harry, trying to take RonīŋŊs mind off houses. īŋŊSo what do your oldest brothers do now that theyīŋŊve left, anyway?īŋŊ
   Harry was wondering what a wizard did once heīŋŊd finished school.
   īŋŊCharlieīŋŊs in Romania studying dragons, and BillīŋŊs in Africa doing something for Gringotts,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊDid you hear about Gringotts? ItīŋŊs been all over theDaily Prophet, but I donīŋŊt suppose you get that with the MugglesīŋŊsomeone tried to rob a high security vault.īŋŊ
   Harry stared.
   īŋŊReally? What happened to them?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNothing, thatīŋŊs why itīŋŊs such big news. They havenīŋŊt been caught. My dad says it mustīŋŊve been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they donīŋŊt think they took anything, thatīŋŊs whatīŋŊs odd. īŋŊCourse, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-WhoīŋŊs behind it.īŋŊ
   Harry turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable sayingīŋŊVoldemortīŋŊ without worrying.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs your favorite Quidditch team?īŋŊ Ron asked.
   īŋŊErīŋŊI donīŋŊt know any,īŋŊ Harry confessed.
   īŋŊWhat!īŋŊ Ron looked dumbfounded. īŋŊOh, you wait, itīŋŊs the best game in the worldīŋŊīŋŊ And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games heīŋŊd been to with his brothers and the broomstick heīŋŊd like to get if he had the money. He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasnīŋŊt Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
   Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam MalkinīŋŊs robe shop. He was looking at Harry with a lot more interest than heīŋŊd shown back in Diagon Alley.
   īŋŊIs it true?īŋŊ he said. īŋŊTheyīŋŊre saying all down the train that Harry PotterīŋŊs in this compartment. So itīŋŊs you, is it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.
   īŋŊOh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle,īŋŊ said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. īŋŊAnd my nameīŋŊs Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.īŋŊ
   Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco Malfoy looked at him.
   īŋŊThink my nameīŋŊs funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford.īŋŊ
   He turned back to Harry.īŋŊYouīŋŊll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You donīŋŊt want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.īŋŊ
   He held out his hand to shake HarryīŋŊs, but Harry didnīŋŊt take it.
   īŋŊI think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,īŋŊ he said coolly.
   Draco Malfoy didnīŋŊt go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.
   īŋŊIīŋŊd be careful if I were you, Potter,īŋŊ he said slowly. īŋŊUnless youīŋŊre a bit politer youīŋŊll go the same way as your parents. They didnīŋŊt know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and itīŋŊll rub off on you.īŋŊ
   Both Harry and Ron stood up.
   īŋŊSay that again,īŋŊ Ron said, his face as red as his hair.
   īŋŊOh, youīŋŊre going to fight us, are you?īŋŊ Malfoy sneered.
   īŋŊUnless you get out now,īŋŊ said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.
   īŋŊBut we donīŋŊt feet like leaving, do we, boys? WeīŋŊve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.īŋŊ
   Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to RonīŋŊRon leapt forward, but before heīŋŊd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.
   Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into GoyleīŋŊs knuckleīŋŊCrabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps theyīŋŊd heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.
   īŋŊWhathas been going on?īŋŊ she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
   īŋŊI think heīŋŊs been knocked out,īŋŊ Ron said to Harry. He looked closer at Scabbers. īŋŊNoīŋŊI donīŋŊt believe itīŋŊheīŋŊs gone back to sleepīŋŊīŋŊ
   And so he had.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve met Malfoy before?īŋŊ
   Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve heard of his family,īŋŊ said Ron darkly. īŋŊThey were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said theyīŋŊd been bewitched. My dad doesnīŋŊt believe it. He says MalfoyīŋŊs father didnīŋŊt need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side.īŋŊ He turned to Hermione. īŋŊCan we help you with something?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊd better hurry up and put your robes on, IīŋŊve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says weīŋŊre nearly there. You havenīŋŊt been fighting, have you? YouīŋŊll be in trouble before we even get there!īŋŊ
   īŋŊScabbers has been fighting, not us,īŋŊ said Ron, scowling at her. īŋŊWould you mind leaving while we change?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll rightīŋŊI only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,īŋŊ said Hermione in a sniffy voice. īŋŊAnd youīŋŊve got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?īŋŊ
   Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
   He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes. RonīŋŊs were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.
   A voice echoed through the train:īŋŊWe will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutesīŋŊ time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately.īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
   The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Harry shivered in the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice:īŋŊFirsīŋŊ years! FirsīŋŊ years over here! All right there, Harry?īŋŊ
   HagridīŋŊs big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.
   īŋŊCīŋŊmon, follow meīŋŊany more firsīŋŊ years? Mind yer step, now! FirsīŋŊ years follow me!īŋŊ
   Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
   īŋŊYeīŋŊ all get yer firsīŋŊ sight oīŋŊ Hogwarts in a sec,īŋŊ Hagrid called over his shoulder, īŋŊjusīŋŊ round this bend here.īŋŊ
   There was a loudīŋŊOooooh!īŋŊ
   The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
   īŋŊNo moreīŋŊn four to a boat!īŋŊ Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
   īŋŊEveryone in?īŋŊ shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. īŋŊRight thenīŋŊFORWARD!īŋŊ
   And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
   īŋŊHeads down!īŋŊ yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
   īŋŊOy, you there! Is this your toad?īŋŊ said Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.
   īŋŊTrevor!īŋŊ cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after HagridīŋŊs lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
   They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.
   īŋŊEveryone here? You there, still got yer toad?īŋŊ
   Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.
   7. THE SORTING HAT
   The door swung open at once. A tall, black haired witch in emerald green robes stood there. She had a very stern face and HarryīŋŊs first thought was that this was not someone to cross.
   īŋŊThe firsīŋŊ years, Professor McGonagall,īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   īŋŊThank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here.īŋŊ
   She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have fit the whole of the DursleysīŋŊ house in it. The stone walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors.
   They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right the rest of the school must already be hereīŋŊbut Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.
   īŋŊWelcome to Hogwarts,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊThe start of term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.
   īŋŊThe four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house points. At the endof the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours.
   īŋŊThe Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.īŋŊ
   Her eyes lingered for a moment on NevilleīŋŊs cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on RonīŋŊs smudged nose. Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair.
   īŋŊI shall return when we are ready for you,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊPlease wait quietly.īŋŊ
   She left the chamber. Harry swallowed.
   īŋŊHow exactly do they sort us into houses?īŋŊ he asked Ron.
   īŋŊSome sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking.īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole school? But he didnīŋŊt know any magic yetīŋŊwhat on earth would he have to do? He hadnīŋŊt expected something like this the moment they arrived. He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells sheīŋŊd learned and wondering which one sheīŋŊd need. Harry tried hard not to listen to her. HeīŋŊd never been more nervous, never, not even when heīŋŊd had to take a school report home to the Dursleys saying that heīŋŊd somehow turned his teacherīŋŊs wig blue. He kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.
   Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the airīŋŊseveral people behind him screamed.
   īŋŊWhat theīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat little monk was saying:īŋŊForgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him a second chanceīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊMy dear Friar, havenīŋŊt we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and you know, heīŋŊs not really even a ghostīŋŊI say, what are you all doing here?īŋŊ
   A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
   Nobody answered.
   īŋŊNew students!īŋŊ said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. īŋŊAbout to be Sorted, I suppose?īŋŊ
   A few people nodded mutely.
   īŋŊHope to see you in Hufflepuff!īŋŊ said the Friar. īŋŊMy old house, you know.īŋŊ
   īŋŊMove along now,īŋŊ said a sharp voice. īŋŊThe Sorting CeremonyīŋŊs about to start.īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.
   īŋŊNow, form a line,īŋŊ Professor McGonagall told the first years, īŋŊand follow me.īŋŊ
   Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.
   Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting. Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them. The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard Hermione whisper,īŋŊItīŋŊs bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about it inHogwarts, A History.īŋŊ
   It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didnīŋŊt simply open on to the heavens.
   Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed wizardīŋŊs hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldnīŋŊt have let it in the house.
   Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thingīŋŊnoticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouthīŋŊand the hat began to sing:īŋŊOh, you may not think IīŋŊm pretty,But donīŋŊt judge on what you see,IīŋŊll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For IīŋŊm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.ThereīŋŊs nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat canīŋŊt see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If youīŋŊve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYouīŋŊll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! DonīŋŊt be afraid!And donīŋŊt get in a flap!YouīŋŊre in safe hands (though I have none)For IīŋŊm a Thinking Cap!īŋŊ
   The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
   īŋŊSo weīŋŊve just got to try on the hat!īŋŊ Ron whispered to Harry. īŋŊIīŋŊll kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll.īŋŊ
   Harry smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Harry didnīŋŊt feel brave or quick witted or any of it at the moment. If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.
   Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.
   īŋŊWhen I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊAbbott, Hannah!īŋŊ
   A pink faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pauseīŋŊ
   īŋŊHUFFLEPUFF!īŋŊ shouted the hat.
   The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.
   īŋŊBones, Susan!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHUFFLEPUFF!īŋŊ shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.
   īŋŊBoot, Terry!īŋŊ
   īŋŊRAVENCLAW!īŋŊ
   The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
   īŋŊBrocklehurst, MandyīŋŊ went to Ravenclaw too, but īŋŊBrown, LavenderīŋŊ became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see RonīŋŊs twin brothers catcalling.
   īŋŊBulstrode, MillicentīŋŊ then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was HarryīŋŊs imagination, after all heīŋŊd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely sick now. He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school. He hadalways been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.
   īŋŊFinch-Fletchley, Justin!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHUFFLEPUFF!īŋŊ
   Sometimes, Harry noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at others it took a little while to decide.īŋŊFinnigan, Seamus,īŋŊ the sandy haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
   īŋŊGranger, Hermione!īŋŊ
   Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.
   īŋŊGRYFFINDOR!īŋŊ shouted the hat. Ron groaned.
   A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when youīŋŊre very nervous. What if he wasnīŋŊt chosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and heīŋŊd better get back on the train?
   When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When it finally shouted,īŋŊGRYFFINDOR,īŋŊ Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to īŋŊMacDougal, Morag.īŋŊ
   Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed,īŋŊSLYTHERIN!īŋŊ
   Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.
   There werenīŋŊt many people left now. īŋŊMoonīŋŊīŋŊ, īŋŊNottīŋŊīŋŊ, īŋŊParkinsonīŋŊīŋŊ, then a pair of twin girls, īŋŊPatilīŋŊ and īŋŊPatilīŋŊīŋŊ, then īŋŊPerks, Sally AnneīŋŊīŋŊ, and then, at lastīŋŊ
   īŋŊPotter, Harry!īŋŊ
   As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.
   īŋŊPotter, did she say?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe Harry Potter?īŋŊ
   The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.
   īŋŊHmm,īŋŊ said a small voice in his ear. īŋŊDifficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. ThereīŋŊs talent,īŋŊah my goodness, yesīŋŊand a nice thirst to prove yourself, now thatīŋŊs interestingīŋŊ So where shall I put you?īŋŊ
   Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.
   īŋŊNot Slytherin, eh?īŋŊ said the small voice. īŋŊAre you sure? You could be great, you know, itīŋŊs all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about thatīŋŊno? Well, if youīŋŊre sureīŋŊbetter be GRYFFINDOR!īŋŊ
   Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled,īŋŊWe got Potter! We got Potter!īŋŊ Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff heīŋŊd seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling heīŋŊd just plunged it into a bucket of ice cold water.
   He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Harry grinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat Albus Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once from the card heīŋŊd gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. DumbledoreīŋŊs silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. Harry spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.
   And now there were only three people left to be sorted.īŋŊThomas, Dean,īŋŊ a black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. īŋŊTurpin, Lisa,īŋŊ became a Ravenclaw and then it was RonīŋŊs turn. He was pale green by now. Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, īŋŊGRYFFINDOR!īŋŊ
   Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.
   īŋŊWell done, Ron, excellent,īŋŊ said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as īŋŊZabini, Blaise,īŋŊ was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
   Harry looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
   Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there.
   īŋŊWelcome,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊWelcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
   īŋŊThank you!īŋŊ
   He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Harry didnīŋŊt know whether to laugh or not.
   īŋŊIs heīŋŊa bit mad?īŋŊ he asked Percy uncertainly.
   īŋŊMad?īŋŊ said Percy airily. īŋŊHeīŋŊs a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Harry?īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy,ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.
   The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but heīŋŊd never been allowed to eat as much as he liked. Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if it made him sick. Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat. It was all delicious.
   īŋŊThat does look good,īŋŊ said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak, īŋŊCanīŋŊt youīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI havenīŋŊt eaten for nearly four hundred years,īŋŊ said the ghost. īŋŊI donīŋŊt need to, of course, but one does miss it. I donīŋŊt think IīŋŊve introduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington at your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI know who you are!īŋŊ said Ron suddenly. īŋŊMy brothers told me about youīŋŊyouīŋŊre Nearly Headless Nick!īŋŊ
   īŋŊI wouldprefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de MimsyīŋŊīŋŊ the ghost began stiffly, but sandy haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.
   īŋŊNearly Headless? How can you benearly headless?īŋŊ
   Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasnīŋŊt going at all the way he wanted.
   īŋŊLikethis,īŋŊ he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said,īŋŊSoīŋŊnew Gryffindors! I hope youīŋŊre going to help us win the house championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody BaronīŋŊs becoming almost unbearableīŋŊheīŋŊs the Slytherin ghost.īŋŊ
   Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didnīŋŊt look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
   īŋŊHow did he get covered in blood?īŋŊ asked Seamus with great interest.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve never asked,īŋŊ said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.
   When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice puddingīŋŊīŋŊ
   As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm half-and-half,īŋŊ said Seamus. īŋŊMe dadīŋŊs a Muggle. Mom didnīŋŊt tell him she was a witch īŋŊtil after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him.īŋŊ
   The others laughed.
   īŋŊWhat about you, Neville?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊWell, my gran brought me up and sheīŋŊs a witch,īŋŊ said Neville, īŋŊbut the family thought I was all-Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of meīŋŊhe pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drownedīŋŊbut nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bouncedīŋŊall the way down the garden and into the road. They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faces when I got in hereīŋŊthey thought I might not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.īŋŊ
   On HarryīŋŊs other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons (īŋŊIdo hope they start right away, thereīŋŊs so much to learn, IīŋŊm particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, itīŋŊs supposed to be very difficultīŋŊ; īŋŊYouīŋŊll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thingīŋŊīŋŊ).
   Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
   It happened very suddenly. The hook nosed teacher looked past QuirrellīŋŊs turban straight into HarryīŋŊs eyesīŋŊand a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on HarryīŋŊs forehead.
   īŋŊOuch!īŋŊ Harry clapped a hand to his head.
   īŋŊWhat is it?īŋŊ asked Percy.
   īŋŊN-nothing.īŋŊ
   The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the teacherīŋŊs lookīŋŊa feeling that he didnīŋŊt like Harry at all.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊs that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?īŋŊ he asked Percy.
   īŋŊOh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder heīŋŊs looking so nervous, thatīŋŊs Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesnīŋŊt want toīŋŊeveryone knows heīŋŊs after QuirrellīŋŊs job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape.īŋŊ
   Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didnīŋŊt look at him again.
   At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent.
   īŋŊAhemīŋŊjust a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start of term notices to give you.
   īŋŊFirst years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.īŋŊ
   DumbledoreīŋŊs twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.
   īŋŊI have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
   īŋŊQuidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
   īŋŊAnd finally, I must tell you that this year, the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.īŋŊ
   Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs not serious?īŋŊ he muttered to Percy.
   īŋŊMust be,īŋŊ said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. īŋŊItīŋŊs odd, because he usually gives us a reason why weīŋŊre not allowed to go somewhereīŋŊthe forestīŋŊs full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he might have told us prefects, at least.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!īŋŊ cried Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teachersīŋŊ smiles had become rather fixed.
   Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
   īŋŊEveryone pick their favorite tune,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, īŋŊand off we go!īŋŊ
   And the school bellowed:Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now theyīŋŊre bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what weīŋŊve forgot,Just do your best, weīŋŊll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.
   Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
   īŋŊAh, music,īŋŊ he said, wiping his eyes. īŋŊA magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!īŋŊ
   The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. HarryīŋŊs legs were like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hangingtapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.
   A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.
   īŋŊPeeves,īŋŊ Percy whispered to the first years. īŋŊA poltergeist.īŋŊ He raised his voice, īŋŊPeevesīŋŊshow yourself!īŋŊ
   A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.
   īŋŊDo you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?īŋŊ
   There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.
   īŋŊOooooooh!īŋŊ he said, with an evil cackle. īŋŊIckle Firsties! What fun!īŋŊ
   He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
   īŋŊGo away, Peeves, or the BaronīŋŊll hear about this, I mean it!īŋŊ barked Percy.
   Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on NevilleīŋŊs head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.
   īŋŊYou want to watch out for Peeves,īŋŊ said Percy, as they set off again. īŋŊThe Bloody BaronīŋŊs the only one who can control him, he wonīŋŊt even listen to us prefects. Here we are.īŋŊ
   At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.
   īŋŊPassword?īŋŊ she said.
   īŋŊCaput Draconis,īŋŊ said Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through itīŋŊNeville needed a leg upīŋŊand found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
   Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircaseīŋŊthey were obviously in one of the towersīŋŊthey found their beds at last: five four posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.
   īŋŊGreat food, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings. īŋŊGetoff, Scabbers! HeīŋŊs chewing my sheets.īŋŊ
   Harry was going to ask Ron if heīŋŊd had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.
   Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor QuirrellīŋŊs turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was his destiny. Harry told the turban he didnīŋŊt want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfullyīŋŊand there was Malfoy, laughing at him ashe struggled with itīŋŊthen Malfoy turned into the hook nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and coldīŋŊthere was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.
   He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didnīŋŊt remember the dream at all.
   8. THE POTIONS MASTER
   īŋŊThere, look.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhere?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNext to the tall kid with the red hair.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWearing the glasses?īŋŊ
   īŋŊDid you see his face?īŋŊ
   īŋŊDid you see his scar?īŋŊ
   Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring. Harry wished they wouldnīŋŊt, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.
   There were a hundred and forty two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldnīŋŊt open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that werenīŋŊt really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going tovisit each other, and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk.
   The ghosts didnīŋŊt help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, īŋŊGOT YOUR CONK!īŋŊ
   Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out of bounds corridor on the third floor. He wouldnīŋŊt believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.
   Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like FilchīŋŊs. She patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and sheīŋŊd whisk off for Filch, whoīŋŊd appear, wheezing, two seconds later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
   And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
   They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
   Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
   Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached HarryīŋŊs name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.
   Professor McGonagall was again different. Harry had been quite right to think she wasnīŋŊt a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talking to the moment they sat down in her first class.
   īŋŊTransfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊAnyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. You have been warned.īŋŊ
   Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very impressed and couldnīŋŊt wait to get started, but soon realized they werenīŋŊt going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time. After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made anydifference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.
   The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but QuirrellīŋŊs lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward off a vampire heīŋŊd met in Romania and was afraid would be coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they werenīŋŊt sure they believed this story. For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.
   Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasnīŋŊt miles behind everyone else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadnīŋŊt had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to learn that even people like Ron didnīŋŊt have much of a head start.
   Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost once.
   īŋŊWhat have we got today?īŋŊ Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.
   īŋŊDouble Potions with the Slytherins,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors themīŋŊweīŋŊll be able to see if itīŋŊs true.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWish McGonagall favored us,īŋŊ said Harry. Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadnīŋŊt stopped her from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before.
   Just then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten used to this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast, circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.
   Hedwig hadnīŋŊt brought Harry anything so far. She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls. This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto HarryīŋŊs plate. Harry tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy scrawl:
   Dear Harry,
   I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three?
   I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.
   Hagrid
   Harry borrowed RonīŋŊs quill, scribbledYes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.
   It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.
   At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew heīŋŊd been wrong. Snape didnīŋŊt dislike HarryīŋŊhehated him.
   Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
   Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at HarryīŋŊs name.
   īŋŊAh, Yes,īŋŊ he said softly, īŋŊHarry Potter. Our newīŋŊcelebrity.īŋŊ
   Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like HagridīŋŊs, but they had none of HagridīŋŊs warmth. They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.
   īŋŊYou are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potionmaking,īŋŊ he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every wordīŋŊlike Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. īŋŊAs there is little foolish wand waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I donīŋŊt expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the sensesīŋŊ I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper deathīŋŊif you arenīŋŊt as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.īŋŊ
   More silence followed this little speech. Harry and Ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasnīŋŊt a dunderhead.
   īŋŊPotter!īŋŊ said Snape suddenly. īŋŊWhat would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?īŋŊ
   Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; HermioneīŋŊs hand had shot into the air.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt know, sir,īŋŊ said Harry.
   SnapeīŋŊs lips curled into a sneer.
   īŋŊTut, tutīŋŊfame clearly isnīŋŊt everything.īŋŊ
   He ignored HermioneīŋŊs hand.
   īŋŊLetīŋŊs try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?īŋŊ
   Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry didnīŋŊt have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt know, sir.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThought you wouldnīŋŊt open a book before coming, eh, Potter?īŋŊ Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the DursleysīŋŊ, but did Snape expect him to remember everything inOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?
   Snape was still ignoring HermioneīŋŊs quivering hand.
   īŋŊWhat is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?īŋŊ
   At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt know,īŋŊ said Harry quietly. īŋŊI think Hermione does, though, why donīŋŊt you try her?īŋŊ
   A few people laughed; Harry caught SeamusīŋŊs eye, and Seamus winked. Snape, however, was not pleased.
   īŋŊSit down,īŋŊ he snapped at Hermione. īŋŊFor your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite. Well? Why arenīŋŊt you all copying that down?īŋŊ
   There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Snape said,īŋŊAnd a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Potter.īŋŊ
   Things didnīŋŊt improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt SeamusīŋŊs cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in peopleīŋŊs shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.
   īŋŊIdiot boy!īŋŊ snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. īŋŊI suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?īŋŊ
   Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
   īŋŊTake him up to the hospital wing,īŋŊ Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊPotterīŋŊwhy didnīŋŊt you tell him not to add the quills? Thought heīŋŊd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? ThatīŋŊs another point youīŋŊve lost for Gryffindor.īŋŊ
   This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt push it,īŋŊ he muttered, īŋŊIīŋŊve heard Snape can turn very nasty.īŋŊ
   As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, HarryīŋŊs mind was racing and his spirits were low. HeīŋŊd lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first weekīŋŊwhy did Snape hate him so much?
   īŋŊCheer up,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?īŋŊ
   At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.
   When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks. Then HagridīŋŊs voice rang out, saying,īŋŊBack, FangīŋŊback.īŋŊ
   HagridīŋŊs big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door open.
   īŋŊHang on,īŋŊ he said.īŋŊBack, Fang.īŋŊ
   He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound.
   There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
   īŋŊMake yerselves at home,īŋŊ said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.
   īŋŊThis is Ron,īŋŊ Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
   īŋŊAnother Weasley, eh?īŋŊ said Hagrid, glancing at RonīŋŊs freckles. īŋŊI spent half me life chasinīŋŊ yer twin brothers away from the forest.īŋŊ
   The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons. Fang rested his head on HarryīŋŊs knee and drooled all over his robes.
   Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call FitchīŋŊthat old git.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnīŋŊ as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, IīŋŊd like ter introduce her to Fang sometime. DīŋŊyeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me everywhere? CanīŋŊt get rid of herīŋŊFitch puts her up to it.īŋŊ
   Harry told Hagrid about SnapeīŋŊs lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
   īŋŊBut he seemed to reallyhate me.īŋŊ
   īŋŊRubbish!īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊWhy should he?īŋŊ
   Yet Harry couldnīŋŊt help thinking that Hagrid didnīŋŊt quite meet his eyes when he said that.
   īŋŊHowīŋŊs yer brother Charlie?īŋŊ Hagrid asked Ron. īŋŊI liked him a lotīŋŊgreat with animals.īŋŊ
   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about CharlieīŋŊs work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a cutting from theDaily Prophet:
   GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
   Investigations continue into the break in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.
   Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
   īŋŊBut weīŋŊre not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know whatīŋŊs good for you,īŋŊ said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon.
   Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadnīŋŊt mentioned the date.
   īŋŊHagrid!īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊthat Gringotts break in happened on my birthday! It mightīŋŊve been happening while we were there!īŋŊ
   There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didnīŋŊt meet HarryīŋŊs eyes this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Harry read the story again.The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day.Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
   As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes theyīŋŊd been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons heīŋŊd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about Snape that he didnīŋŊt want to tell Harry?
   9. THE MIDNIGHT DUEL
   Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley, but that was before he met Draco Malfoy. Still, first year Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didnīŋŊt have to put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didnīŋŊt until they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan. Flying lessons would be starting on ThursdayīŋŊand Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.
   īŋŊTypical,īŋŊ said Harry darkly. īŋŊJust what I always wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.īŋŊ
   He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt know that youīŋŊll make a fool of yourself,īŋŊ said Ron reasonably. īŋŊAnyway, I know MalfoyīŋŊs always going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but I bet thatīŋŊs all talk.īŋŊ
   Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters. He wasnīŋŊt the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, heīŋŊd spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick. Even Ron would tell anyone whoīŋŊd listen about the time heīŋŊd almost hit a hang glider on CharlieīŋŊs old broom. Everyone from wizarding families talkedabout Quidditch constantly. Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldnīŋŊt see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry had caught Ron prodding DeanīŋŊs poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.
   Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Harry felt sheīŋŊd had good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.
   Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This was something you couldnīŋŊt learn by heart out of a bookīŋŊnot that she hadnīŋŊt tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips sheīŋŊd gotten out of a library book calledQuidditch Through the Ages. Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when HermioneīŋŊs lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.
   Harry hadnīŋŊt had a single letter since HagridīŋŊs note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. MalfoyīŋŊs eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.
   A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother. He opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs a Remembrall!īŋŊ he explained. īŋŊGran knows I forget thingsīŋŊthis tells you if thereīŋŊs something youīŋŊve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns redīŋŊohīŋŊīŋŊ His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, īŋŊīŋŊyouīŋŊve forgotten somethingīŋŊīŋŊ
   Neville was trying to remember what heīŋŊd forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.
   Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs going on?īŋŊ
   īŋŊMalfoyīŋŊs got my Remembrall, Professor.īŋŊ
   Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
   īŋŊJust looking,īŋŊ he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.
   At three thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.
   The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
   Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.
   īŋŊWell, what are you all waiting for?īŋŊ she barked. īŋŊEveryone stand by a broomstick. Come on, hurry up.īŋŊ
   Harry glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.
   īŋŊStick out your right hand over your broom,īŋŊ called Madam Hooch at the front, īŋŊand say īŋŊUp!īŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊUP!īŋŊ everyone shouted.
   HarryīŋŊs broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. Hermione GrangerīŋŊs had simply rolled over on the ground, and NevilleīŋŊs hadnīŋŊt moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in NevilleīŋŊs voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.
   Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips. Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy heīŋŊd been doing it wrong for years.
   īŋŊNow, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard,īŋŊ said Madam Hooch. īŋŊKeep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistleīŋŊthreeīŋŊtwoīŋŊīŋŊ
   But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam HoochīŋŊs lips.
   īŋŊCome back, boy!īŋŊ she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottleīŋŊtwelve feetīŋŊtwenty feet. Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom andīŋŊ
   WHAMīŋŊa thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the Forbidden Forest and out of sight.
   Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.
   īŋŊBroken wrist,īŋŊ Harry heard her mutter. īŋŊCome on, boyīŋŊitīŋŊs all right, up you get.īŋŊ
   She turned to the rest of the class.
   īŋŊNone of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or youīŋŊll be out of Hogwarts before you can say īŋŊQuidditch.īŋŊ Come on, dear.īŋŊ
   Neville, his face tear streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
   No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.
   īŋŊDid you see his face, the great lump?īŋŊ
   The other Slytherins joined in.
   īŋŊShut up, Malfoy,īŋŊ snapped Parvati Patil.
   īŋŊOoh, sticking up for Longbottom?īŋŊ said Pansy Parkinson, a hard faced Slytherin girl. īŋŊNever thoughtyouīŋŊd like fat little crybabies, Parvati.īŋŊ
   īŋŊLook!īŋŊ said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. īŋŊItīŋŊs that stupid thing LongbottomīŋŊs gran sent him.īŋŊ
   The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
   īŋŊGive that here, Malfoy,īŋŊ said Harry quietly. Everyone stopped talking to watch.
   Malfoy smiled nastily.
   īŋŊI think IīŋŊll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to findīŋŊhow aboutīŋŊup a tree?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGive ithere!īŋŊ Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off. He hadnīŋŊt been lying, hecould fly well. Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called,īŋŊCome and get it, Potter!īŋŊ
   Harry grabbed his broom.
   īŋŊNo!īŋŊ shouted Hermione Granger.īŋŊMadam Hooch told us not to moveīŋŊyouīŋŊll get us all into trouble.īŋŊ
   Harry ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him and in a rush of fierce joy he realized heīŋŊd found something he could do without being taughtīŋŊthis was easy, this waswonderful. He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
   He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked stunned.
   īŋŊGive it here,īŋŊ Harry called, īŋŊor IīŋŊll knock you off that broom!īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, yeah?īŋŊ said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
   Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfay like a javelin. Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about face and held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.
   īŋŊNo Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,īŋŊ Harry called.
   The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.
   īŋŊCatch it if you can, then!īŋŊ he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.
   Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle downīŋŊnext second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ballīŋŊwind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watchingīŋŊhe stretched out his handīŋŊa foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
   īŋŊHARRY POTTER!īŋŊ
   His heart sank faster than heīŋŊd just dived. Professor McGonagall was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
   īŋŊNeverīŋŊin all my time at HogwartsīŋŊīŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously,īŋŊīŋŊhowdare youīŋŊmight have broken your neckīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊIt wasnīŋŊt his fault, ProfessorīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBe quiet, Miss Patil.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut MalfoyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThatīŋŊsenough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now.īŋŊ
   Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and GoyleīŋŊs triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagallīŋŊs wake as she strode toward the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now heīŋŊd done it. He hadnīŋŊt even lasted two weeks. HeīŋŊd be packing his bags in ten minutes. What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?
   Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor McGonagall didnīŋŊt say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be HagridīŋŊs assistant. His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying HagridīŋŊs bag.
   Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside.
   īŋŊExcuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?īŋŊ
   Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?
   But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth year boy who came out of FlitwickīŋŊs class looking confused.
   īŋŊFollow me, you two,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.
   īŋŊIn here.īŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
   īŋŊOut, Peeves!īŋŊ she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
   īŋŊPotter, this is Oliver Wood. WoodīŋŊIīŋŊve found you a Seeker.īŋŊ
   WoodīŋŊs expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
   īŋŊAre you serious, Professor?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAbsolutely,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall crisply. īŋŊThe boyīŋŊs a natural. IīŋŊve never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?īŋŊ
   Harry nodded silently. He didnīŋŊt have a clue what was going on, but he didnīŋŊt seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to his legs.
   īŋŊHe caught that thing in his hand after a fifty foot dive,īŋŊ Professor McGonagall told Wood. īŋŊDidnīŋŊt even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldnīŋŊt have done it.īŋŊ
   Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
   īŋŊEver seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?īŋŊ he asked excitedly.
   īŋŊWoodīŋŊs captain of the Gryffindor team,īŋŊ Professor McGonagall explained.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs just the build for a Seeker, too,īŋŊ said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him. īŋŊLightīŋŊspeedyīŋŊweīŋŊll have to get him a decent broom, ProfessorīŋŊa Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, IīŋŊd say.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we canīŋŊt bend the first year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year.Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldnīŋŊt look Severus Snape in the face for weeksīŋŊīŋŊ
   Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.
   īŋŊI want to hear youīŋŊre training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind about punishing you.īŋŊ
   Then she suddenly smiled.
   īŋŊYour father would have been proud,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊHe was an excellent Quidditch player himself.īŋŊ* * *
   īŋŊYouīŋŊrejoking.īŋŊ
   It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when heīŋŊd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but heīŋŊd forgotten all about it.
   īŋŊSeeker?īŋŊ he said.īŋŊBut first yearsneverīŋŊyou must be the youngest house player in aboutīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊīŋŊa century,īŋŊ said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. īŋŊWood told me.īŋŊ
   Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.
   īŋŊI start training next week,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊOnly donīŋŊt tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret.īŋŊ
   Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.
   īŋŊWell done,īŋŊ said George in a low voice. īŋŊWood told us. WeīŋŊre on the team tooīŋŊBeaters.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI tell you, weīŋŊre going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,īŋŊ said Fred. īŋŊWe havenīŋŊt won since Charlie left, but this yearīŋŊs team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnyway, weīŋŊve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons heīŋŊs found a new secret passageway out of the school.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBet itīŋŊs that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you.īŋŊ
   Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
   īŋŊHaving a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre a lot braver now that youīŋŊre back on the ground and youīŋŊve got your little friends with you,īŋŊ said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.
   īŋŊIīŋŊd take you on anytime on my own,īŋŊ said Malfoy. īŋŊTonight, if you want. WizardīŋŊs duel. Wands onlyīŋŊno contact. WhatīŋŊs the matter? Never heard of a wizardīŋŊs duel before, I suppose?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOf course he has,īŋŊ said Ron, wheeling around. īŋŊIīŋŊm his second, whoīŋŊs yours?īŋŊ
   Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
   īŋŊCrabbe,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊMidnight all right? WeīŋŊll meet you in the trophy room; thatīŋŊs always unlocked.īŋŊ
   When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.īŋŊWhat is a wizardīŋŊs duel?īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊAnd what do you mean, youīŋŊre my second?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, a secondīŋŊs there to take over if you die,īŋŊ said Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on HarryīŋŊs face, he added quickly, īŋŊBut people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and MalfoyīŋŊll be able to do is send sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThrow it away and punch him on the nose,īŋŊ Ron suggested.
   īŋŊExcuse me.īŋŊ
   They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger.
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt a person eat in peace in this place?īŋŊ said Ron.
   Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.
   īŋŊI couldnīŋŊt help overhearing what you and Malfoy were sayingīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBet you could,īŋŊ Ron muttered.
   īŋŊīŋŊand youmustnīŋŊt go wandering around the school at night, think of the points youīŋŊll lose Gryffindor if youīŋŊre caught, and youīŋŊre bound to be. ItīŋŊs really very selfish of you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd itīŋŊs really none of your business,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊGood-bye,īŋŊ said Ron.
   All the same, it wasnīŋŊt what youīŋŊd call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasnīŋŊt back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as īŋŊIf he tries to curse you, youīŋŊd better dodge it, because I canīŋŊt remember how to block them.īŋŊ There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, MalfoyīŋŊs sneering face kept looming up out of the darknessīŋŊthis was his big chance to beat Malfoy face to face. He couldnīŋŊt miss it.
   īŋŊHalf past eleven,īŋŊ Ron muttered at last, īŋŊweīŋŊd better go.īŋŊ
   They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them,īŋŊI canīŋŊt believe youīŋŊre going to do this, Harry.īŋŊ
   A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.
   īŋŊYou!īŋŊ said Ron furiously.īŋŊGo back to bed!īŋŊ
   īŋŊI almost told your brother,īŋŊ Hermione snapped, īŋŊPercyīŋŊheīŋŊs a prefect, heīŋŊd put a stop to this.īŋŊ
   Harry couldnīŋŊt believe anyone could be so interfering.
   īŋŊCome on,īŋŊ he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.
   Hermione wasnīŋŊt going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt youcare about Gryffindor, do youonly care about yourselves,I donīŋŊt want Slytherin to win the house cup, and youīŋŊll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGo away.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when youīŋŊre on the train home tomorrow, youīŋŊre soīŋŊīŋŊ
   But what they were, they didnīŋŊt find out. Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
   īŋŊNow what am I going to do?īŋŊ she asked shrilly.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs your problem,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to go, weīŋŊre going to be late.īŋŊ
   They hadnīŋŊt even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm coming with you,īŋŊ she said.
   īŋŊYou are not.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDīŋŊyou think IīŋŊm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of us IīŋŊll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve got some nerveīŋŊīŋŊ said Ron loudly.
   īŋŊShut up, both of you!īŋŊ said Harry sharply. īŋŊI heard something.īŋŊ
   It was a sort of snuffling.
   īŋŊMrs. Norris?īŋŊ breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
   It wasnīŋŊt Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
   īŋŊThank goodness you found me! IīŋŊve been out here for hours, I couldnīŋŊt remember the new password to get in to bed.īŋŊ
   īŋŊKeep your voice down, Neville. The passwordīŋŊs īŋŊPig snoutīŋŊ but it wonīŋŊt help you now, the Fat LadyīŋŊs gone off somewhere.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHowīŋŊs your arm?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊFine,īŋŊ said Neville, showing them. īŋŊMadam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGoodīŋŊwell, look, Neville, weīŋŊve got to be somewhere, weīŋŊll see you laterīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt leave me!īŋŊ said Neville, scrambling to his feet, īŋŊI donīŋŊt want to stay here alone, the Bloody BaronīŋŊs been past twice already.īŋŊ
   Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.
   īŋŊIf either of you get us caught, IīŋŊll never rest until IīŋŊve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.īŋŊ
   Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.
   They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
   Malfoy and Crabbe werenīŋŊt there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once. The minutes crept by.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs late, maybe heīŋŊs chickened out,īŋŊ Ron whispered.
   Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak and it wasnīŋŊt Malfoy.
   īŋŊSniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner.īŋŊ
   It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from FilchīŋŊs voice. NevilleīŋŊs robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.
   īŋŊTheyīŋŊre in here somewhere,īŋŊ they heard him mutter, īŋŊprobably hiding.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThis way!īŋŊ Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.
   The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.
   īŋŊRUN!īŋŊ Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was followingīŋŊthey swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were goingīŋŊthey ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.
   īŋŊI think weīŋŊve lost him,īŋŊ Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.
   īŋŊIīŋŊtoldīŋŊyou,īŋŊ Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, īŋŊIīŋŊtoldīŋŊyou.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊquickly as possible.īŋŊ
   īŋŊMalfoy tricked you,īŋŊ Hermione said to Harry. īŋŊYou realize that, donīŋŊt you? He was never going to meet youīŋŊFilch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.īŋŊ
   Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasnīŋŊt going to tell her that.
   īŋŊLetīŋŊs go.īŋŊ
   It wasnīŋŊt going to be that simple. They hadnīŋŊt gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.
   It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.
   īŋŊShut up, PeevesīŋŊpleaseīŋŊyouīŋŊll get us thrown out.īŋŊ
   Peeves cackled.
   īŋŊWandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, youīŋŊll get caughty.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNot if you donīŋŊt give us away, Peeves, please.īŋŊ
   īŋŊShould tell Filch, I should,īŋŊ said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. īŋŊItīŋŊs for your own good, you know.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGet out of the way,īŋŊ snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.
   īŋŊSTUDENTS OUT OF BED!īŋŊ Peeves bellowed, īŋŊSTUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDORīŋŊīŋŊ
   Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a doorīŋŊand it was locked.
   īŋŊThis is it!īŋŊ Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, īŋŊWeīŋŊre done for! This is the end!īŋŊ They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward PeevesīŋŊs shouts.
   īŋŊOh, move over,īŋŊ Hermione snarled. She grabbed HarryīŋŊs wand, tapped the lock, and whispered,īŋŊAlohomora!īŋŊ
   The lock clicked and the door swung openīŋŊthey piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
   īŋŊWhich way did they go, Peeves?īŋŊ Filch was saying. īŋŊQuick, tell me.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSay īŋŊplease.īŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt mess with me, Peeves, nowwhere did they go?īŋŊ
   īŋŊShanīŋŊt say nothing if you donīŋŊt say please,īŋŊ said Peeves in his annoying singsong voice.
   īŋŊAll rightīŋŊplease.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldnīŋŊt say nothing if you didnīŋŊt say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!īŋŊ And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.
   īŋŊHe thinks this door is locked,īŋŊ Harry whispered. īŋŊI think weīŋŊll be okayīŋŊgetoff, Neville!īŋŊ For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of HarryīŋŊs bathrobe for the last minute.īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   Harry turned aroundīŋŊand saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he was sure heīŋŊd walked into a nightmareīŋŊthis was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far.
   They werenīŋŊt in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was forbidden.
   They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads. Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
   It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they werenīŋŊt already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
   Harry groped for the doorknobīŋŊbetween Filch and death, heīŋŊd take Filch.
   They fell backwardīŋŊHarry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didnīŋŊt see him anywhere, but they hardly caredīŋŊall they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster.They didnīŋŊt stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
   īŋŊWhere on earth have you all been?īŋŊ she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
   īŋŊNever mind thatīŋŊpig snout, pig snout,īŋŊ panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.
   It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked as if heīŋŊd never speak again.
   īŋŊWhat do they think theyīŋŊre doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?īŋŊ said Ron finally. īŋŊIf any dog needs exercise, that one does.īŋŊ
   Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.īŋŊYou donīŋŊt use your eyes, any of you, do you?īŋŊ she snapped. īŋŊDidnīŋŊt you see what it was standing on.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe floor?īŋŊ Harry suggested. īŋŊI wasnīŋŊt looking at its feet, I was too busy with its heads.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo,not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. ItīŋŊs obviously guarding something.īŋŊ
   She stood up, glaring at them.
   īŋŊI hope youīŋŊre pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killedīŋŊor worse, expelled. Now, if you donīŋŊt mind, IīŋŊm going to bed.īŋŊ
   Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
   īŋŊNo, we donīŋŊt mind,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊYouīŋŊd think we dragged her along, wouldnīŋŊt you.īŋŊ
   But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed. The dog was guarding somethingīŋŊ What had Hagrid said? Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hideīŋŊexcept perhaps Hogwarts.
   It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.
   10. HALLOWEEN
   Malfoy couldnīŋŊt believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful. Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the three headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs either really valuable or really dangerous,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊOr both,īŋŊ said Harry.
   But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didnīŋŊt have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.
   Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.
   Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a bossy know it all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.
   As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyoneīŋŊs attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor. They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.
   Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:
   DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
   It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I donīŋŊt want everybody knowing youīŋŊve got a broomstick or theyīŋŊll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven oīŋŊclock for your first training session.
   Professor McGonagall
   Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.
   īŋŊA Nimbus Two Thousand!īŋŊ Ron moaned enviously. īŋŊIīŋŊve never eventouched one.īŋŊ
   They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs a broomstick,īŋŊ he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face. īŋŊYouīŋŊll be in for it this time, Potter, first years arenīŋŊt allowed them.īŋŊ
   Ron couldnīŋŊt resist it.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs not any old broomstick,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊitīŋŊs a Nimbus Two Thousand. What did you say youīŋŊve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?īŋŊ Ron grinned at Harry. īŋŊComets look flashy, but theyīŋŊre not in the same league as the Nimbus.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat would you know about it, Weasley, you couldnīŋŊt afford half the handle,īŋŊ Malfoy snapped back. īŋŊI suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.īŋŊ
   Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at MalfoyīŋŊs elbow.
   īŋŊNot arguing, I hope, boys?īŋŊ he squeaked.
   īŋŊPotterīŋŊs been sent a broomstick, Professor,īŋŊ said Malfoy quickly.
   īŋŊYes, yes, thatīŋŊs right,īŋŊ said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry. īŋŊProfessor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances, Potter. And what model is it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊA Nimbus Two Thousand, sir,īŋŊ said Harry, fighting not to laugh at the look of horror on MalfoyīŋŊs face. īŋŊAnd itīŋŊs really thanks to Malfoy here that IīŋŊve got it,īŋŊ he added.
   Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at MalfoyīŋŊs obvious rage and confusion. īŋŊWell, itīŋŊs true,īŋŊ Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, īŋŊIf he hadnīŋŊt stolen NevilleīŋŊs Remembrall I woulnīŋŊt be on the teamīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSo I suppose you think thatīŋŊs a reward for breaking rules?īŋŊ came an angry voice from just behind them. Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in HarryīŋŊs hand.
   īŋŊI thought you werenīŋŊt speaking to us?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊYes, donīŋŊt stop now,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊitīŋŊs doing us so much good.īŋŊ
   Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.
   Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where heīŋŊd be learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.
   īŋŊWow,īŋŊ Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto HarryīŋŊs bedspread.
   Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.
   As seven oīŋŊclock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field. HeīŋŊd never been inside the stadium before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
   Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground. What a feelingīŋŊhe swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
   īŋŊHey, Potter, come down!īŋŊ
   Oliver Wood had arrived. He was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm. Harry landed next to him.
   īŋŊVery nice,īŋŊ said Wood, his eyes glinting. īŋŊI see what McGonagall meantīŋŊ you really are a natural. IīŋŊm just going to teach you the rules this evening, then youīŋŊll be joining team practice three times a week.īŋŊ
   He opened the crate. Inside were four different sized balls.
   īŋŊRight,īŋŊ said Wood. īŋŊNow, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even if itīŋŊs not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side. Three of them are called Chasers.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThree Chasers,īŋŊ Harry repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball.
   īŋŊThis ballīŋŊs called the Quaffle,īŋŊ said Wood. īŋŊThe Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the hoops. Follow me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,īŋŊ Harry recited. īŋŊSoīŋŊthatīŋŊs sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs basketball?īŋŊ said Wood curiously.
   īŋŊNever mind,īŋŊ said Harry quickly.
   īŋŊNow, thereīŋŊs another player on each side whoīŋŊs called the Keeper. IīŋŊm Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other team from scoring.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThree Chasers, one Keeper,īŋŊ said Harry, who was determined to remember it all. īŋŊAnd they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are they for?īŋŊ He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
   īŋŊIīŋŊll show you now,īŋŊ said Wood. īŋŊTake this.īŋŊ
   He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm going to show you what the Bludgers do,īŋŊ Wood said. īŋŊThese two are the Bludgers.īŋŊ
   He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.
   īŋŊStand back,īŋŊ Wood warned Harry. He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.
   At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at HarryīŋŊs face. Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the airīŋŊit zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.
   īŋŊSee?īŋŊ Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely. īŋŊThe Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off their brooms. ThatīŋŊs why you have two Beaters on each teamīŋŊthe Weasley twins are oursīŋŊitīŋŊs their job to protect their side fromthe Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. SoīŋŊthink youīŋŊve got all that?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThree Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team,īŋŊ Harry reeled off.
   īŋŊVery good,īŋŊ said Wood.
   īŋŊErīŋŊhave the Bludgers ever killed anyone?īŋŊ Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand.
   īŋŊNever at Hogwarts. WeīŋŊve had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse than that. Now, the last member of the team is the Seeker. ThatīŋŊs you. And you donīŋŊt have to worry about the Quaffle or the BludgersīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊīŋŊunless they crack my head open.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the BludgersīŋŊI mean, theyīŋŊre like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.īŋŊ
   Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.
   īŋŊThis,īŋŊ said Wood,īŋŊis the Golden Snitch, and itīŋŊs the most important ball of the lot. ItīŋŊs very hard to catch because itīŋŊs so fast and difficult to see. ItīŋŊs the SeekerīŋŊs job to catch it. YouīŋŊve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other teamīŋŊs Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win. ThatīŋŊs why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for agesīŋŊI think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.
   īŋŊWell, thatīŋŊs itīŋŊany questions?īŋŊ
   Harry shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.
   īŋŊWe wonīŋŊt practice with the Snitch yet,īŋŊ said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, īŋŊitīŋŊs too dark, we might lose it. LetīŋŊs try you out with a few of these.īŋŊ
   He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.
   Harry didnīŋŊt miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldnīŋŊt carry on.
   īŋŊThat Quidditch cupīŋŊll have our name on it this year,īŋŊ said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle. īŋŊI wouldnīŋŊt be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for England if he hadnīŋŊt gone off chasing dragons.īŋŊ
   Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly believe it when he realized that heīŋŊd already been at Hogwarts two months. The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.
   On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since theyīŋŊd seen him make NevilleīŋŊs toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. HarryīŋŊs partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard totell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadnīŋŊt spoken to either of them since the day HarryīŋŊs broomstick had arrived.
   īŋŊNow, donīŋŊt forget that nice wrist movement weīŋŊve been practicing!īŋŊ squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual. īŋŊSwish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the magic words properly is very important, tooīŋŊnever forget Wizard Baruffio, who said īŋŊsīŋŊ instead of īŋŊfīŋŊ and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest.īŋŊ
   It was very difficult. Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to itīŋŊHarry had to put it out with his hat.
   Ron, at the next table, wasnīŋŊt having much more luck.
   īŋŊWingardium Leviosa!īŋŊ he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre saying it wrong,īŋŊ Harry heard Hermione snap. īŋŊItīŋŊs Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make theīŋŊgarīŋŊ nice and long.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou do it, then, if youīŋŊre so clever,īŋŊ Ron snarled.
   Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,īŋŊWingardium Leviosa!īŋŊ
   Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.
   īŋŊOh, well done!īŋŊ cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. īŋŊEveryone see here, Miss GrangerīŋŊs done it!īŋŊ
   Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs no wonder no one can stand her,īŋŊ he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, īŋŊsheīŋŊs a nightmare, honestly.īŋŊ
   Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him. It was Hermione. Harry caught a glimpse of her faceīŋŊand was startled to see that she was in tears.
   īŋŊI think she heard you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo?īŋŊ said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. īŋŊShe mustīŋŊve noticed sheīŋŊs got no friends.īŋŊ
   Hermione didnīŋŊt turn up for the next class and wasnīŋŊt seen all afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girlsīŋŊ bathroom and wanted to be left alone. Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.
   A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start of term banquet.
   Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face. Everyone stared as he reached Professor DumbledoreīŋŊs chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, īŋŊTrollīŋŊin the dungeonsīŋŊthought you ought to know.īŋŊ
   He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
   There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor DumbledoreīŋŊs wand to bring silence.
   īŋŊPrefects,īŋŊ he rumbled, īŋŊlead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!īŋŊ
   Percy was in his element.
   īŋŊFollow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me, IīŋŊm a prefect!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHow could a troll get in?īŋŊ Harry asked as they climbed the stairs.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt ask me, theyīŋŊre supposed to be really stupid,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊMaybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke.īŋŊ
   They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed RonīŋŊs arm.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve just thoughtīŋŊHermione.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat about her?īŋŊ
   īŋŊShe doesnīŋŊt know about the troll.īŋŊ
   Ron bit his lip.
   īŋŊOh, all right,īŋŊ he snapped. īŋŊBut PercyīŋŊd better not see us.īŋŊ
   Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girlsīŋŊ bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.
   īŋŊPercy!īŋŊ hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.
   Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs he doing?īŋŊ Harry whispered. īŋŊWhy isnīŋŊt he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?īŋŊ
   īŋŊSearch me.īŋŊ
   Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after SnapeīŋŊs fading footsteps.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs heading for the third floor,īŋŊ Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.
   īŋŊCan you smell something?īŋŊ
   Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
   And then they heard itīŋŊa low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. Ron pointedīŋŊat the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
   It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.
   The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
   īŋŊThe keys in the lock,īŋŊ Harry muttered. īŋŊWe could lock it in.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGood idea,īŋŊ said Ron nervously.
   They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasnīŋŊt about to come out of it. With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.
   īŋŊYes!īŋŊ
   Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stopīŋŊa high, petrified screamīŋŊand it was coming from the chamber theyīŋŊd just chained up.
   īŋŊOh, no,īŋŊ said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs the girlsīŋŊ bathroom!īŋŊ Harry gasped.
   īŋŊHermione!īŋŊ they said together.
   It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have? Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.
   Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.
   īŋŊConfuse it!īŋŊ Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
   The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione. It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw Harry. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.
   īŋŊOy, pea brain!īŋŊ yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didnīŋŊt even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
   īŋŊCome on, run,run!īŋŊ Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldnīŋŊt move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.
   The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.
   Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the trollīŋŊs neck from behind. The troll couldnīŋŊt feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and HarryīŋŊs wand had still been in his hand when heīŋŊd jumpedīŋŊit had gone straight up one of the trollīŋŊs nostrils.
   Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
   Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wandīŋŊnot knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head:īŋŊWingardium Leviosa!īŋŊ
   The club flew suddenly out of the trollīŋŊs hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly overīŋŊand dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its ownerīŋŊs head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.
   Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
   It was Hermione who spoke first.
   īŋŊIs itīŋŊdead?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt think so,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊI think itīŋŊs just been knocked out.īŋŊ
   He bent down and pulled his wand out of the trollīŋŊs nose. It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
   īŋŊUrghīŋŊtroll boogers.īŋŊ
   He wiped it on the trollīŋŊs trousers.
   A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. They hadnīŋŊt realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the trollīŋŊs roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
   Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from HarryīŋŊs mind.
   īŋŊWhat on earth were you thinking of?īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air. īŋŊYouīŋŊre lucky you werenīŋŊt killed. Why arenīŋŊt you in your dormitory?īŋŊ
   Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his wand down.
   Then a small voice came out of the shadows.
   īŋŊPlease, Professor McGonagallīŋŊthey were looking for me.īŋŊ
   īŋŊMiss Granger!īŋŊ
   Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.
   īŋŊI went looking for the troll because IīŋŊI thought I could deal with it on my ownīŋŊyou know, because IīŋŊve read all about them.īŋŊ
   Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher?
   īŋŊIf they hadnīŋŊt found me, IīŋŊd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didnīŋŊt have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived.īŋŊ
   Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasnīŋŊt new to them.
   īŋŊWellīŋŊin that caseīŋŊīŋŊ said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, īŋŊMiss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?īŋŊ
   Hermione hung her head. Harry was speechless. Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.
   īŋŊMiss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊIīŋŊm very disappointed in you. If youīŋŊre not hurt at all, youīŋŊd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses.īŋŊ
   Hermione left.
   Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.
   īŋŊWell, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go.īŋŊ
   They hurried out of the chamber and didnīŋŊt speak at all until they had climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.
   īŋŊWe should have gotten more than ten points,īŋŊ Ron grumbled.
   īŋŊFive, you mean, once sheīŋŊs taken off HermioneīŋŊs.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGood of her to get us out of trouble like that,īŋŊ Ron admitted. īŋŊMind you, wedid save her.īŋŊ
   īŋŊShe might not have needed saving if we hadnīŋŊt locked the thing in with her,īŋŊ Harry reminded him.
   They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.
   īŋŊPig snout,īŋŊ they said and entered.
   The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking at each other, they all saidīŋŊThanks,īŋŊ and hurried off to get plates.
   But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. There are some things you canīŋŊt share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
   11. QUIDDITCH
   As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.
   The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing in his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house championship.
   Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But the news that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didnīŋŊt know which was worseīŋŊpeople telling him heīŋŊd be brilliant or people telling him theyīŋŊd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
   It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend. He didnīŋŊt know how heīŋŊd have gotten through all his homework without her, what with all the last minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She had also lent himQuidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.
   Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
   Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it. The day before HarryīŋŊs first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldnīŋŊt be allowed. Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught SnapeīŋŊs eye. He limped over. He hadnīŋŊt seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off anyway.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs that youīŋŊve got there, Potter?īŋŊ
   It wasQuidditch Through the Ages. Harry showed him.
   īŋŊLibrary books are not to be taken outside the school,īŋŊ said Snape. īŋŊGive it to me. Five points from Gryffindor.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs just made that rule up,īŋŊ Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away. īŋŊWonder whatīŋŊs wrong with his leg?īŋŊ
   īŋŊDunno, but I hope itīŋŊs really hurting him,īŋŊ said Ron bitterly.
   The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and RonīŋŊs Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy (īŋŊHow will you learn?īŋŊ), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right answers anyway.
   Harry felt restless. He wantedQuidditch Through the Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have it.
   īŋŊBetter you than me,īŋŊ they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldnīŋŊt refuse if there were other teachers listening.
   He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing.
   Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered insideīŋŊand a horrible scene met his eyes.
   Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snape bandages.
   īŋŊBlasted thing,īŋŊ Snape was saying. īŋŊHow are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?īŋŊ
   Harry tried to shut the door quietly, butīŋŊ
   īŋŊPOTTER!īŋŊ
   SnapeīŋŊs face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry gulped.
   īŋŊI just wondered if I could have my book back.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGET OUT!OUT!īŋŊ
   Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs.
   īŋŊDid you get it?īŋŊ Ron asked as Harry joined them. īŋŊWhatīŋŊs the matter?īŋŊ
   In a low whisper, Harry told them what heīŋŊd seen.
   īŋŊYou know what this means?īŋŊ he finished breathlessly. īŋŊHe tried to get past that three headed dog at Halloween! ThatīŋŊs where he was going when we saw himīŋŊheīŋŊs after whatever itīŋŊs guarding! And IīŋŊd bet my broomstickhe let that troll in, to make a diversion!īŋŊ
   HermioneīŋŊs eyes were wide.
   īŋŊNoīŋŊhe wouldnīŋŊt,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊI know heīŋŊs not very nice, but he wouldnīŋŊt try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHonestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,īŋŊ snapped Ron. īŋŊIīŋŊm with Harry. I wouldnīŋŊt put anything past Snape. But whatīŋŊs he after? WhatīŋŊs that dog guarding?īŋŊ
   Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldnīŋŊt sleep. He tried to empty his mindīŋŊhe needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hoursīŋŊbut the expression on SnapeīŋŊs face when Harry had seen his leg wasnīŋŊt easy to forget.
   The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve got to eat some breakfast.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt want anything.īŋŊ
   īŋŊJust a bit of toast,īŋŊ wheedled Hermione.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not hungry.īŋŊ
   Harry felt terrible. In an hourīŋŊs time heīŋŊd be walking onto the field.
   īŋŊHarry, you need your strength,īŋŊ said Seamus Finnigan. īŋŊSeekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThanks, Seamus,īŋŊ said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.
   By eleven oīŋŊclock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.
   Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It saidPotter for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.
   Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).
   Wood cleared his throat for silence.
   īŋŊOkay, men,īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊAnd women,īŋŊ said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
   īŋŊAnd women,īŋŊ Wood agreed. īŋŊThis is it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe big one,īŋŊ said Fred Weasley.
   īŋŊThe one weīŋŊve all been waiting for,īŋŊ said George.
   īŋŊWe know OliverīŋŊs speech by heart,īŋŊ Fred told Harry, īŋŊwe were on the team last year.īŋŊ
   īŋŊShut up, you two,īŋŊ said Wood. īŋŊThis is the best team GryffindorīŋŊs had in years. WeīŋŊre going to win. I know it.īŋŊ
   He glared at them all as if to say,īŋŊOr else.īŋŊ
   īŋŊRight. ItīŋŊs time. Good luck, all of you.īŋŊ
   Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees werenīŋŊt going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
   Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
   īŋŊNow, I want a nice fair game, all of you,īŋŊ she said, once they were all gathered around her. Harry noticed that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Harry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the corner of hiseye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.
   īŋŊMount your brooms, please.īŋŊ
   Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
   Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.
   Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off.
   īŋŊAnd the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of GryffindorīŋŊwhat an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, tooīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊJORDAN!īŋŊ
   īŋŊSorry, Professor.īŋŊ
   The Weasley twinsīŋŊ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
   īŋŊAnd sheīŋŊs really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver WoodīŋŊs, last year only a reserveīŋŊback to Johnson andīŋŊno, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goesīŋŊFlint flying like an eagle up thereīŋŊheīŋŊs going to scīŋŊno, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the QuaffleīŋŊthatīŋŊs Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field andīŋŊOUCHīŋŊthat must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a BludgerīŋŊQuaffle taken by the SlytherinsīŋŊthatīŋŊs Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but heīŋŊs blocked by a second BludgerīŋŊsent his way by Fred or George Weasley, canīŋŊt tell whichīŋŊnice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead andoff she goesīŋŊsheīŋŊs really flyingīŋŊdodges a speeding BludgerīŋŊthe goal posts are aheadīŋŊcome on, now, AngelinaīŋŊKeeper Bletchley divesīŋŊmissesīŋŊGRYFFINDORS SCORE!īŋŊ
   Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.
   īŋŊBudge up there, move along.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHagrid!īŋŊ
   Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.
   īŋŊBin watchinīŋŊ from me hut,īŋŊ said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, īŋŊBut it isnīŋŊt the same as beinīŋŊ in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNope,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊHarry hasnīŋŊt had much to do yet.īŋŊ
   īŋŊKept outta trouble, though, thatīŋŊs somethinīŋŊ,īŋŊ said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.
   Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and WoodīŋŊs game plan.
   īŋŊKeep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,īŋŊ Wood had said. īŋŊWe donīŋŊt want you attacked before you have to be.īŋŊ
   When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop the loops to let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch. Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the WeasleysīŋŊ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.
   īŋŊAll right there, Harry?īŋŊ he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.
   īŋŊSlytherin in possession,īŋŊ Lee Jordan was saying, īŋŊChaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward theīŋŊwait a momentīŋŊwas that the Snitch?īŋŊ
   A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.
   Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.
   Harry was faster than HiggsīŋŊhe could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up aheadīŋŊhe put on an extra spurt of speedīŋŊ
   WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors belowīŋŊMarcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and HarryīŋŊs broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.
   īŋŊFoul!īŋŊ screamed the Gryffindors.
   Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
   Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling,īŋŊSend him off, ref! Red card!īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat are you talking about, Dean?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊRed card!īŋŊ said Dean furiously. īŋŊIn soccer you get shown the red card and youīŋŊre out of the game!īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut this isnīŋŊt soccer, Dean,īŋŊ Ron reminded him.
   Hagrid, however, was on DeanīŋŊs side.
   īŋŊThey oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.īŋŊ
   Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.
   īŋŊSoīŋŊafter that obvious and disgusting bit of cheatingīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊJordan!īŋŊ growled Professor McGonagall.
   īŋŊI mean, after that open and revolting foulīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊJordan, IīŋŊm warning youīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊAll right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, IīŋŊm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession.īŋŊ
   It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch. For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. HeīŋŊd never felt anything like that.
   It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off. Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal-postsīŋŊhe had half a mind to ask Wood to call time outīŋŊand then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldnīŋŊt turn it. He couldnīŋŊt direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.
   Lee was still commentating.
   īŋŊSlytherin in possessionīŋŊFlint with the QuaffleīŋŊpasses SpinnetīŋŊpasses BellīŋŊhit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his noseīŋŊonly joking, ProfessorīŋŊSlytherins scoreīŋŊA noīŋŊīŋŊ
   The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that HarryīŋŊs broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
   īŋŊDunno what Harry thinks heīŋŊs doing,īŋŊ Hagrid mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. īŋŊIf I didnīŋŊ know better, IīŋŊd say heīŋŊd lost control of his broomīŋŊ but he canīŋŊt haveīŋŊīŋŊ
   Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. HarryīŋŊs broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.
   īŋŊDid something happen to it when Flint blocked him?īŋŊ Seamus whispered.
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt have,īŋŊ Hagrid said, his voice shaking. īŋŊCanīŋŊt nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magicīŋŊno kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.īŋŊ
   At these words, Hermione seized HagridīŋŊs binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
   īŋŊWhat are you doing?īŋŊ moaned Ron, gray faced.
   īŋŊI knew it,īŋŊ Hermione gasped, īŋŊSnapeīŋŊlook.īŋŊ
   Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs doing somethingīŋŊjinxing the broom,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   īŋŊWhat should we do?īŋŊ
   īŋŊLeave it to me.īŋŊ
   Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared. Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no goodīŋŊevery time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell. Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
   īŋŊCome on, Hermione,īŋŊ Ron muttered desperately.
   Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didnīŋŊt even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front. Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of SnapeīŋŊs robes.
   It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire. A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the rowīŋŊSnape would never know what had happened.
   It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.
   īŋŊNeville, you can look!īŋŊ Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into HagridīŋŊs jacket for the last five minutes.
   Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sickīŋŊhe hit the field on all foursīŋŊcoughedīŋŊand something gold fell into his hand.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve got the Snitch!īŋŊ he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.
   īŋŊHe didnīŋŊtcatch it, he nearlyswallowed it,īŋŊ Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no differenceīŋŊHarry hadnīŋŊt broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the resultsīŋŊGryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back in HagridīŋŊs hut, with Ron and Hermione.
   īŋŊIt was Snape,īŋŊ Ron was explaining, īŋŊHermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldnīŋŊt take his eyes off you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊRubbish,īŋŊ said Hagrid, who hadnīŋŊt heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. īŋŊWhy would Snape do somethinīŋŊ like that?īŋŊ
   Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth.
   īŋŊI found out something about him,īŋŊ he told Hagrid. īŋŊHe tried to get past that three headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever itīŋŊs guarding.īŋŊ
   Hagrid dropped the teapot.
   īŋŊHow do you know about Fluffy?īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊFluffy?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeahīŋŊheīŋŊs mineīŋŊbought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub lasīŋŊ yearīŋŊI lent him to Dumbledore to guard theīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYes?īŋŊ said Harry eagerly.
   īŋŊNow, donīŋŊt ask me anymore,īŋŊ said Hagrid gruffly. īŋŊThatīŋŊs top secret, that is.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut SnapeīŋŊs trying tosteal it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊRubbish,īŋŊ said Hagrid again. īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs a Hogwarts teacher, heīŋŊd do nothinīŋŊ of the sort.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo why did he just try to kill Harry?īŋŊ cried Hermione.
   The afternoonīŋŊs events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.
   īŋŊI know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, IīŋŊve read all about them! YouīŋŊve got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasnīŋŊt blinking at all, I saw him!īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm tellinīŋŊ yeh, yer wrong!īŋŊ said Hagrid hotly. īŋŊI donīŋŊ know why HarryīŋŊs broom acted like that, but Snape wouldnīŋŊ try anīŋŊ kill a student! Now, listen to me, all three of yehīŋŊyer meddlinīŋŊ in things that donīŋŊ concern yeh. ItīŋŊs dangerous. You forget that dog, anīŋŊ you forget what itīŋŊs guardinīŋŊ, thatīŋŊs between Professor Dumbledore anīŋŊ Nicolas FlamelīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊAha!īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊso thereīŋŊs someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?īŋŊ
   Hagrid looked furious with himself.
   12. THE MIRROR OF ERISED
   Christmas was coming. One morning in mid December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again.
   No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. Worst of all were Professor SnapeīŋŊs classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.
   īŋŊI do feel so sorry,īŋŊ said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, īŋŊfor all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because theyīŋŊre not wanted at home.īŋŊ
   He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them. Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as Seeker next. Then heīŋŊd realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.
   It was true that Harry wasnīŋŊt going back to Privet Drive for Christmas. Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up at once. He didnīŋŊt feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be the best Christmas heīŋŊd ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit Charlie.
   When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
   īŋŊHi, Hagrid, want any help?īŋŊ Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.
   īŋŊNah, IīŋŊm all right, thanks, Ron.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWould you mind moving out of the way?īŋŊ came MalfoyīŋŊs cold drawl from behind them. īŋŊAre you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I supposeīŋŊthat hut of HagridīŋŊs must seem like a palace compared to what your familyīŋŊs used to.īŋŊ
   Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
   īŋŊWEASLEY!īŋŊ
   Ron let go of the front of MalfoyīŋŊs robes.
   īŋŊHe was provoked, Professor Snape,īŋŊ said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. īŋŊMalfoy was insultinīŋŊ his family.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBe that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,īŋŊ said Snape silkily. īŋŊFive points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isnīŋŊt more. Move along, all of you.īŋŊ
   Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.
   īŋŊIīŋŊll get him,īŋŊ said Ron, grinding his teeth at MalfoyīŋŊs back, īŋŊone of these days, IīŋŊll get himīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI hate them both,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊMalfoy and Snape.īŋŊ
   īŋŊCome on, cheer up, itīŋŊs nearly Christmas,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊTell yeh what, come with me anīŋŊ see the Great Hall, looks a treat.īŋŊ
   So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.
   īŋŊAh, Hagrid, the last treeīŋŊput it in the far corner, would you?īŋŊ
   The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.
   īŋŊHow many days you got left until yer holidays?īŋŊ Hagrid asked.
   īŋŊJust one,īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊAnd that reminds meīŋŊHarry, Ron, weīŋŊve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh yeah, youīŋŊre right,īŋŊ said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
   īŋŊThe library?īŋŊ said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. īŋŊJust before the holidays? Bit keen, arenīŋŊt yeh?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, weīŋŊre not working,īŋŊ Harry told him brightly. īŋŊEver since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel weīŋŊve been trying to find out who he is.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouwhat?īŋŊ Hagrid looked shocked.īŋŊListen hereīŋŊIīŋŊve told yehīŋŊdrop it. ItīŋŊs nothinīŋŊ to you what that dogīŋŊs guardinīŋŊ.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWe just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, thatīŋŊs all,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   īŋŊUnless youīŋŊd like to tell us and save us the trouble?īŋŊ Harry added. īŋŊWe mustīŋŊve been through hundreds of books already and we canīŋŊt find him anywhereīŋŊjust give us a hintīŋŊI know IīŋŊve read his name somewhere.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm sayinīŋŊ nothinīŋŊ,īŋŊ said Hagrid flatly.
   īŋŊJust have to find out for ourselves, then,īŋŊ said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
   They had indeed been searching books for FlamelīŋŊs name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a book. He wasnīŋŊt inGreat Wizards of the Twentieth Century, orNotable Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, fromImportant Modern Magical Discoveries, andA Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.
   Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random. Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasnīŋŊt somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew heīŋŊd never get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts.
   īŋŊWhat are you looking for, boy?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNothing,īŋŊ said Harry.
   Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊd better get out, then. Go onīŋŊout!īŋŊ
   Wishing heīŋŊd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed theyīŋŊd better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure sheīŋŊd be able to tell them, but they couldnīŋŊt risk Snape hearing what they were up to.
   Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasnīŋŊt very hopeful. They had been looking for two weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it wasnīŋŊt surprising theyīŋŊd found nothing. What they really needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
   Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads. They went off to lunch.
   īŋŊYou will keep looking while IīŋŊm away, wonīŋŊt you?īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊAnd send me an owl if you find anything.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊItīŋŊd be safe to ask them.īŋŊ
   īŋŊVery safe, as theyīŋŊre both dentists,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting forkīŋŊbread, English muffins, marshmallowsīŋŊand plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldnīŋŊt work.
   Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This was exactly like Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. RonīŋŊs set was very old and battered. Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his familyīŋŊin this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen werenīŋŊt a drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.
   Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didnīŋŊt trust him at all. He wasnīŋŊt a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. īŋŊDonīŋŊt send me there, canīŋŊt you see his knight? Sendhim, we can afford to losehim.īŋŊ
   On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.
   īŋŊMerry Christmas,īŋŊ said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.
   īŋŊYou, too,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊWill you look at this? IīŋŊve got some presents!īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat did you expect, turnips?īŋŊ said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than HarryīŋŊs.
   Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it wasTo Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew itīŋŊit sounded a bit like an owl.
   A second, very small parcel contained a note.
   We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia.
   Taped to the note was a fifty pence piece.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs friendly,īŋŊ said Harry.
   Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.
   īŋŊWeird!īŋŊ he said,īŋŊWhat a shape! This ismoney?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou can keep it,īŋŊ said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. īŋŊHagrid and my aunt and uncleīŋŊso who sent these?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI think I know who that oneīŋŊs from,īŋŊ said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. īŋŊMy mom. I told her you didnīŋŊt expect any presents andīŋŊoh, no,īŋŊ he groaned, īŋŊsheīŋŊs made you a Weasley sweater.īŋŊ
   Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
   īŋŊEvery year she makes us a sweater,īŋŊ said Ron, unwrapping his own, īŋŊand mineīŋŊsalways maroon.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs really nice of her,īŋŊ said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.
   His next present also contained candyīŋŊa large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.
   This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it.
   Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve heard of those,īŋŊ he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans heīŋŊd gotten from Hermione. īŋŊIf thatīŋŊs what I think it isīŋŊtheyīŋŊre really rare, andreally valuable.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat is it?īŋŊ
   Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs an Invisibility Cloak,īŋŊ said Ron, a look of awe on his face. īŋŊIīŋŊm sure it isīŋŊtry it on.īŋŊ
   Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
   īŋŊItis! Look down!īŋŊ
   Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs a note!īŋŊ said Ron suddenly. īŋŊA note fell out of it!īŋŊ
   Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words:
   Your father left this in my possession before he died.
   It is time it was returned to you.
   Use it well.
   A Very Merry Christmas to you.
   There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. Ron was admiring the cloak.
   īŋŊIīŋŊd giveanything for one of these,īŋŊ he said.īŋŊAnything. WhatīŋŊs the matter?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNothing,īŋŊ said Harry. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had it really once belonged to his father?
   Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. He didnīŋŊt feel like sharing it with anyone else yet.
   īŋŊMerry Christmas!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHey, lookīŋŊHarryīŋŊs got a Weasley sweater, too!īŋŊ
   Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellowF on it, the other aG.
   īŋŊHarryīŋŊs is better than ours, though,īŋŊ said Fred, holding up HarryīŋŊs sweater. īŋŊShe obviously makes more of an effort if youīŋŊre not family.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy arenīŋŊt you wearing yours, Ron?īŋŊ George demanded. īŋŊCome on, get it on, theyīŋŊre lovely and warm.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI hate maroon,īŋŊ Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
   īŋŊYou havenīŋŊt got a letter on yours,īŋŊ George observed. īŋŊI suppose she thinks you donīŋŊt forget your name. But weīŋŊre not stupidīŋŊwe know weīŋŊre called Gred and Forge.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs all this noise.īŋŊ
   Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.
   īŋŊP for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, weīŋŊre all wearing ours, even Harry got one.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊdonīŋŊtīŋŊwant,īŋŊ said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
   īŋŊAnd youīŋŊre not sitting with the prefects today, either,īŋŊ said George. īŋŊChristmas is a time for family.īŋŊ
   They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.
   Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauceīŋŊand stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didnīŋŊt just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiralīŋŊs hat and several live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizardīŋŊs hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a jokeProfessor Flitwick had just read him.
   Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to HarryīŋŊs amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
   When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set. The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. NorrisīŋŊs Christmas dinner.
   Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron. He suspected he wouldnīŋŊt have lost so badly if Percy hadnīŋŊt tried to help him so much.
   After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because theyīŋŊd stolen his prefect badge.
   It had been HarryīŋŊs best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the Invisibility Cloak and whoever had sent it.
   Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as heīŋŊd drawn the curtains of his four poster. Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it.
   His fatherīŋŊsīŋŊ this had been his fatherīŋŊs. He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air.Use it well, the note had said.
   He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows. It was a very funny feeling.
   Use it well.
   Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.
   Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him backīŋŊhis fatherīŋŊs cloakīŋŊhe felt that this timeīŋŊthe first timeīŋŊhe wanted to use it alone.
   He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊs there?īŋŊ squawked the Fat Lady. Harry said nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor.
   Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. HeīŋŊd be able to read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was. He set off, drawing the Invisibility Cloak tight around him as he walked.
   The library was pitch black and very eerie. Harry lit a lamp to see his way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the creeps.
   The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Stepping carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
   They didnīŋŊt tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry couldnīŋŊt understand. Some had no title at all. One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The hairs on the back of HarryīŋŊs neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldnīŋŊt be.
   He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.
   A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silenceīŋŊthe book was screaming! Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming down the corridor outsideīŋŊstuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; FilchīŋŊs pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under FilchīŋŊs outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the bookīŋŊs shrieks still ringing in his ears.
   He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been so busy getting away from the library, he hadnīŋŊt paid attention to where he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didnīŋŊt recognize where he was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.
   īŋŊYou asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebodyīŋŊs been in the library Restricted Section.īŋŊ
   Harry felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied,īŋŊThe Restricted Section? Well, they canīŋŊt be far, weīŋŊll catch them.īŋŊ
   Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner ahead. They couldnīŋŊt see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor and if they came much nearer theyīŋŊd knock right into himīŋŊthe cloak didnīŋŊt stop him from being solid.
   He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
   It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basketīŋŊbut propped against the wall facing him was something that didnīŋŊt look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
   It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved around the top:Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again. He stepped in front of it.
   He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamedīŋŊfor he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him. But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror.
   There he was, reflected in it, white and scared looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Harry looked over his shoulderīŋŊbut still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible, too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirrorīŋŊs trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?
   He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him. If she was really there, heīŋŊd touch her, their reflections were so close together, but he felt only airīŋŊshe and the others existed only in the mirror.
   She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyesīŋŊher eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright greenīŋŊexactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as HarryīŋŊs did.
   Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.
   īŋŊMom?īŋŊ he whispered. īŋŊDad?īŋŊ
   They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had HarryīŋŊs knobbly kneesīŋŊHarry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
   The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
   How long he stood there, he didnīŋŊt know. The reflections did not fade and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his senses. He couldnīŋŊt stay here, he had to find his way back to bed. He tore his eyes away from his motherīŋŊs face, whispered, īŋŊIīŋŊll come back,īŋŊ and hurried from the room.
   īŋŊYou could have woken me up,īŋŊ said Ron, crossly.
   īŋŊYou can come tonight, IīŋŊm going back, I want to show you the mirror.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊd like to see your mom and dad,īŋŊ Ron said eagerly.
   īŋŊAnd I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, youīŋŊll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou can see them any old time,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊJust come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why arenīŋŊt you eating anything?īŋŊ
   Harry couldnīŋŊt eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didnīŋŊt seem very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?
   īŋŊAre you all right?īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊYou look odd.īŋŊ
   What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night. They tried retracing HarryīŋŊs route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm freezing,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊLetīŋŊs forget it and go back.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo!īŋŊ Harry hissed. I know itīŋŊs here somewhere.īŋŊ
   They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else. Just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs hereīŋŊjust hereīŋŊyes!īŋŊ
   They pushed the door open. Harry dropped the cloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror.
   There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.
   īŋŊSee?īŋŊ Harry whispered.
   īŋŊI canīŋŊt see anything.īŋŊ
   īŋŊLook! Look at them allīŋŊ there are loads of themīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI can only see you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊLook in it properly, go on, stand where I am.īŋŊ
   Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldnīŋŊt see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
   Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.
   īŋŊLook at me!īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊCan you see all your family standing around you?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNoīŋŊIīŋŊm aloneīŋŊbut IīŋŊm differentīŋŊI look olderīŋŊand IīŋŊm head boy!īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI amīŋŊIīŋŊm wearing the badge like Bill used toīŋŊand IīŋŊm holding the house cup and the Quidditch cupīŋŊIīŋŊm Quidditch captain, too.īŋŊ
   Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.
   īŋŊDo you think this mirror shows the future?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHow can it? All my family are deadīŋŊlet me have another lookīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre only holding the Quidditch cup, whatīŋŊs interesting about that? I want to see my parents.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt push meīŋŊīŋŊ
   A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion. They hadnīŋŊt realized how loudly they had been talking.
   īŋŊQuick!īŋŊ
   Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thingīŋŊdid the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she turned and left.
   īŋŊThis isnīŋŊt safeīŋŊshe might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us. Come on.īŋŊ
   And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.
   The snow still hadnīŋŊt melted the next morning.
   īŋŊWant to play chess, Harry?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊNo.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy donīŋŊt we go down and visit Hagrid?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNoīŋŊ you goīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI know what youīŋŊre thinking about, Harry, that mirror. DonīŋŊt go back tonight.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy not?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI dunno, IīŋŊve just got a bad feeling about itīŋŊand anyway, youīŋŊve had too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they canīŋŊt see you? What if they walk into you? What if you knock something over?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou sound like Hermione.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm serious, Harry, donīŋŊt go.īŋŊ
   But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasnīŋŊt going to stop him.
   That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didnīŋŊt meet anyone.
   And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all.
   ExceptīŋŊ
   īŋŊSoīŋŊback again, Harry?īŋŊ
   Harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadnīŋŊt noticed him.
   īŋŊīŋŊI didnīŋŊt see you, sir.īŋŊ
   īŋŊStrange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
   īŋŊSo,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, īŋŊyou, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI didnīŋŊt know it was called that, sir.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut I expect youīŋŊve realized by now what it does?īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊwellīŋŊit shows me my familyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHow did you knowīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt need a cloak to become invisible,īŋŊ said Dumbledore gently. īŋŊNow, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?īŋŊ
   Harry shook his head.
   īŋŊLet me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?īŋŊ
   Harry thought. Then he said slowly,īŋŊIt shows us what we wantīŋŊ whatever we wantīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYes and no,īŋŊ said Dumbledore quietly. īŋŊIt shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible.
   īŋŊThe Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now, why donīŋŊt you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?īŋŊ
   Harry stood up.
   īŋŊSirīŋŊProfessor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?īŋŊ
   īŋŊObviously, youīŋŊve just done so,īŋŊ Dumbledore smiled. īŋŊYou may ask me one more thing, however.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat do you see when you look in the mirror?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.īŋŊ
   Harry stared.
   īŋŊOne can never have enough socks,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊAnother Christmas has come and gone and I didnīŋŊt get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.īŋŊ
   It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
   13. NICOLAS FLAMEL
   Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the Invisibility Cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Harry wished he could forget what heīŋŊd seen in the mirror as easily, but he couldnīŋŊt. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.
   īŋŊYou see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,īŋŊ said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.
   Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (īŋŊIf Filch had caught you!īŋŊ), and disappointment that he hadnīŋŊt at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.
   They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure heīŋŊd read the name somewhere. Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
   Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldnīŋŊt dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on WoodīŋŊs side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after training.
   Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. HeīŋŊd just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.
   īŋŊWill you stop messing around!īŋŊ he yelled. īŋŊThatīŋŊs exactly the sort of thing thatīŋŊll lose us the match! SnapeīŋŊs refereeing this time, and heīŋŊll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!īŋŊ
   George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
   īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs refereeing?īŋŊ he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. īŋŊWhenīŋŊs he ever refereed a Quidditch match? HeīŋŊs not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.īŋŊ
   The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs notmy fault,īŋŊ said Wood. īŋŊWeīŋŊve just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasnīŋŊt got an excuse to pick on us.īŋŊ
   Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing QuidditchīŋŊ
   The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt talk to me for a moment,īŋŊ said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, īŋŊI need to concenīŋŊīŋŊ He caught sight of HarryīŋŊs face. īŋŊWhatīŋŊs the matter with you? You look terrible.īŋŊ
   Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about SnapeīŋŊs sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt play,īŋŊ said Hermione at once.
   īŋŊSay youīŋŊre ill,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊPretend to break your leg,īŋŊ Hermione suggested.
   īŋŊReally break your leg,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊI canīŋŊt,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊThere isnīŋŊt a reserve Seeker. If I back out, Gryffindor canīŋŊt play at all.īŋŊ
   At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyoneīŋŊs guess, because his legs had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the Leg Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.
   Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. NevilleīŋŊs legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. īŋŊWhat happened?īŋŊ Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.
   īŋŊMalfoy,īŋŊ said Neville shakily. īŋŊI met him outside the library. He said heīŋŊd been looking for someone to practice that on.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGo to Professor McGonagall!īŋŊ Hermione urged Neville. īŋŊReport him!īŋŊ
   Neville shook his head.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt want more trouble,īŋŊ he mumbled.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve got to stand up to him, Neville!īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊHeīŋŊs used to walking all over people, but thatīŋŊs no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs no need to tell me IīŋŊm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, MalfoyīŋŊs already done that,īŋŊ Neville choked out.
   Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre worth twelve of Malfoy,īŋŊ Harry said. īŋŊThe Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didnīŋŊt it? And whereīŋŊs Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin.īŋŊ
   NevilleīŋŊs lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
   īŋŊThanks, HarryīŋŊ I think IīŋŊll go to bedīŋŊ DīŋŊyou want the card, you collect them, donīŋŊt you?īŋŊ
   As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.
   īŋŊDumbledore again,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊHe was the first one I everīŋŊīŋŊ
   He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve found him!īŋŊ he whispered.īŋŊIīŋŊve found Flamel! Itold you IīŋŊd read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming hereīŋŊlisten to this: īŋŊDumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragonīŋŊs blood,and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas FlamelīŋŊ!īŋŊ
   Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadnīŋŊt looked so excited since theyīŋŊd gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
   īŋŊStay there!īŋŊ she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girlsīŋŊ dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
   īŋŊI never thought to look in here!īŋŊ she whispered excitedly. īŋŊI got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.īŋŊ
   īŋŊLight?īŋŊ said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until sheīŋŊd looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.
   At last she found what she was looking for.
   īŋŊI knew it! Iknew it!īŋŊ
   īŋŊAre we allowed to speak yet?īŋŊ said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.
   īŋŊNicolas Flamel,īŋŊ she whispered dramatically,īŋŊis the only known maker of the SorcererīŋŊs Stone!īŋŊ
   This didnīŋŊt have quite the effect sheīŋŊd expected.
   īŋŊThe what?īŋŊ said Harry and Ron.
   īŋŊOh,honestly, donīŋŊt you two read? LookīŋŊread that, there.īŋŊ
   She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read:
   The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the SorcererīŋŊs Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.
   There have been many reports of the SorcererīŋŊs Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty eight).
   īŋŊSee?īŋŊ said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. īŋŊThe dog must be guarding FlamelīŋŊs SorcererīŋŊs Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because theyīŋŊre friends and he knew someone was after it, thatīŋŊs why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!īŋŊ
   īŋŊA stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊNo wonder SnapeīŋŊs after it!Anyone would want it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd no wonder we couldnīŋŊt find Flamel in thatStudy of Recent Developments in Wizardry,īŋŊ said Ron.īŋŊHeīŋŊs not exactly recent if heīŋŊs six hundred and sixty five, is he?īŋŊ
   The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what theyīŋŊd do with a SorcererīŋŊs Stone if they had one. It wasnīŋŊt until Ron said heīŋŊd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm going to play,īŋŊ he told Ron and Hermione. īŋŊIf I donīŋŊt, all the Slytherins will think IīŋŊm just too scared to face Snape. IīŋŊll show themīŋŊ itīŋŊll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win.īŋŊ
   īŋŊJust as long as weīŋŊre not wiping you off the field,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team wasnīŋŊt too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such a biased referee?
   Harry didnīŋŊt know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape possibly know theyīŋŊd found out about the SorcererīŋŊs Stone? Harry didnīŋŊt see how he couldīŋŊyet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
   Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether theyīŋŊd ever see him alive again. This wasnīŋŊt what youīŋŊd call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of WoodīŋŊs pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
   Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldnīŋŊt understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg Locker Curse. TheyīŋŊd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
   īŋŊNow, donīŋŊt forget, itīŋŊsLocomotor Mortis,īŋŊ Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.
   īŋŊI know,īŋŊ Ron snapped. īŋŊDonīŋŊt nag.īŋŊ
   Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch itīŋŊs now. Finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe whole schoolīŋŊs out there!īŋŊ said Fred Weasley, peering out of the door. īŋŊEvenīŋŊblimeyīŋŊDumbledoreīŋŊs come to watch!īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs heart did a somersault.
   īŋŊDumbledore?īŋŊ he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard.
   Harry could have laughed out loud with reliefīŋŊHe was safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.
   Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve never seen Snape look so mean,īŋŊ he told Hermione. īŋŊLook theyīŋŊre offīŋŊOuch!īŋŊ
   Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.
   īŋŊOh, sorry, Weasley, didnīŋŊt see you there.īŋŊ
   Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
   īŋŊWonder how long PotterīŋŊs going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?īŋŊ
   Ron didnīŋŊt answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
   īŋŊYou know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?īŋŊ said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. īŋŊItīŋŊs people they feel sorry for. See, thereīŋŊs Potter, whoīŋŊs got no parents, then thereīŋŊs the Weasleys, whoīŋŊvegot no moneyīŋŊyou should be on the team, Longbottom, youīŋŊve got no brains.īŋŊ
   Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm worth twelve of you, Malfoy,īŋŊ he stammered.
   Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said,īŋŊYou tell him, Neville.īŋŊ
   īŋŊLongbottom, if brains were gold youīŋŊd be poorer than Weasley, and thatīŋŊs saying something.īŋŊ
   RonīŋŊs nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm warning you, MalfoyīŋŊone more wordīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊRon!īŋŊ said Hermione suddenly, īŋŊHarryīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat? Where?īŋŊ
   Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre in luck, Weasley, PotterīŋŊs obviously spotted some money on the ground!īŋŊ said Malfoy.
   Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.
   īŋŊCome on, Harry!īŋŊ Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at SnapeīŋŊshe didnīŋŊt even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
   Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inchesīŋŊthe next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.
   The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.
   īŋŊRon! Ron! Where are you? The gameīŋŊs over! HarryīŋŊs won! WeīŋŊve won! Gryffindor is in the lead!īŋŊ shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
   Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldnīŋŊt believe it. HeīŋŊd done itīŋŊthe game was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white faced and tight lippedīŋŊthen Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into DumbledoreīŋŊs smiling face.
   īŋŊWell done,īŋŊ said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear. īŋŊNice to see you havenīŋŊt been brooding about that mirrorīŋŊ been keeping busyīŋŊ excellentīŋŊīŋŊ
   Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
   Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldnīŋŊt ever remember feeling happier. HeīŋŊd really done something to be proud of nowīŋŊno one could say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
   Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. HeīŋŊd done it, heīŋŊd shown SnapeīŋŊ
   And speaking of SnapeīŋŊ
   A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. HarryīŋŊs victory faded from his mind as he watched. He recognized the figureīŋŊs prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinnerīŋŊwhat was going on?
   Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed.
   The trees were so thick he couldnīŋŊt see where Snape had gone. He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.
   He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.
   Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasnīŋŊt alone. Quirrell was there, too. Harry couldnīŋŊt make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever. Harry strained to catch what they were saying.
   īŋŊīŋŊd-donīŋŊt know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, SeverusīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, I thought weīŋŊd keep this private,īŋŊ said Snape, his voice icy. īŋŊStudents arenīŋŊt supposed to know about the SorcererīŋŊs Stone, after all.īŋŊ
   Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted him.
   īŋŊHave you found out how to get past that beast of HagridīŋŊs yet?īŋŊ
   īŋŊB-b-but Severus, IīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt want me as your enemy, Quirrell,īŋŊ said Snape, taking a step toward him.
   īŋŊIīŋŊI donīŋŊt know what youīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou know perfectly well what I mean.īŋŊ
   An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say,īŋŊīŋŊyour little bit of hocus pocus. IīŋŊm waiting.īŋŊ
   īŋŊB-but I d-d-donīŋŊtīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊVery well,īŋŊ Snape cut in. īŋŊWeīŋŊll have another little chat soon, when youīŋŊve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.īŋŊ
   He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.* * *
   īŋŊHarry, where have youbeen?īŋŊ Hermione squeaked.
   īŋŊWe won! You won! We won!īŋŊ shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back. īŋŊAnd I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single handed! HeīŋŊs still out cold but Madam Pomftey says heīŋŊll be all rightīŋŊtalk about showing Slytherin! EveryoneīŋŊs waiting for you in the common room, weīŋŊre having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNever mind that now,īŋŊ said Harry breathlessly. īŋŊLetīŋŊs find an empty room, you wait īŋŊtil you hear thisīŋŊīŋŊ
   He made sure Peeves wasnīŋŊt inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what heīŋŊd seen and heard.
   īŋŊSo we were right, itis the SorcererīŋŊs Stone, and SnapeīŋŊs trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past FluffyīŋŊand he said something about QuirrellīŋŊs īŋŊhocus pocusīŋŊīŋŊI reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break throughīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSo you mean the StoneīŋŊs only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?īŋŊ said Hermione in alarm.
   īŋŊItīŋŊll be gone by next Tuesday,īŋŊ said Ron.
   14. NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK
   Quirrell, however, must have been braver than theyīŋŊd thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didnīŋŊt look as though heīŋŊd cracked yet.
   Every time they passed the third floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at QuirrellīŋŊs stutter.
   Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the SorcererīŋŊs Stone. She had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes. Harry and Ron wouldnīŋŊt have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.
   īŋŊHermione, the exams are ages away.īŋŊ
   īŋŊTen weeks,īŋŊ Hermione snapped. īŋŊThatīŋŊs not ages, thatīŋŊs like a second to Nicolas Flamel.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut weīŋŊre not six hundred years old,īŋŊ Ron reminded her. īŋŊAnyway, what are you studying for, you already know itīŋŊs an A.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year? TheyīŋŊre very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I donīŋŊt know whatīŋŊs gotten into meīŋŊīŋŊ
   Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as Hermione. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays werenīŋŊt nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragonīŋŊs blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.
   īŋŊIīŋŊll never remember this,īŋŊ Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the first really fine day theyīŋŊd had in months. The sky was a clear, forget me not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
   Harry, who was looking upīŋŊDittanyīŋŊ inOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, didnīŋŊt look up until he heard Ron say, īŋŊHagrid! What are you doing in the library?īŋŊ
   Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
   īŋŊJusīŋŊ lookinīŋŊ,īŋŊ he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once. īŋŊAnīŋŊ whatīŋŊre you lot up ter?īŋŊ He looked suddenly suspicious. īŋŊYer not still lookinīŋŊ fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, we found out who he is ages ago,īŋŊ said Ron impressively. īŋŊAnd we know what that dogīŋŊs guarding, itīŋŊs a SorcererīŋŊs StīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊShhhh!īŋŊ Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening. īŋŊDonīŋŊ go shoutinīŋŊ about it, whatīŋŊs the matter with yeh?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThere are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊabout whatīŋŊs guarding the Stone apart from FluffyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSHHHH!īŋŊ said Hagrid again. īŋŊListenīŋŊcome anīŋŊ see me later, IīŋŊm not promisinīŋŊ IīŋŊll tell yeh anythinīŋŊ, mind, but donīŋŊ go rabbitinīŋŊ about it in here, students arenīŋŊ sīŋŊpposed ter know. TheyīŋŊll think IīŋŊve told yehīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSee you later, then,īŋŊ said Harry.
   Hagrid shuffled off.
   īŋŊWhat was he hiding behind his back?īŋŊ said Hermione thoughtfully.
   īŋŊDo you think it had anything to do with the Stone?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm going to see what section he was in,īŋŊ said Ron, whoīŋŊd had enough of working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.
   īŋŊDragons!īŋŊ he whispered. īŋŊHagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these:Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon KeeperīŋŊs Guide.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHagridīŋŊs always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊBut itīŋŊs against our laws,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊDragon breeding was outlawed by the WarlocksīŋŊ Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. ItīŋŊs hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if weīŋŊre keeping dragons in the back gardenīŋŊanyway, you canīŋŊt tame dragons, itīŋŊs dangerous. You should see the burns CharlieīŋŊs got off wild ones in Romania.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut there arenīŋŊt wild dragons inBritain?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊOf course there are,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊCommon Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles whoīŋŊve spotted them, to make them forget.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSo what on earths Hagrid up to?īŋŊ said Hermione.
   When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeperīŋŊs hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Hagrid called īŋŊWho is it?īŋŊ before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.
   It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
   īŋŊSoīŋŊyeh wanted to ask me somethinīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. īŋŊWe were wondering if you could tell us whatīŋŊs guarding the SorcererīŋŊs Stone apart from Fluffy.īŋŊ
   Hagrid frowned at him.
   īŋŊOīŋŊ course I canīŋŊt,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊNumber one, I donīŋŊ know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldnīŋŊ tell yeh if I could. That StoneīŋŊs here fer a good reason. It was almost stolen outta GringottsīŋŊI sīŋŊppose yehīŋŊve worked that out anīŋŊ all? Beats me how yeh even know abouīŋŊ Fluffy.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but youdo know, you know everything that goes on round here,īŋŊ said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. HagridīŋŊs beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. īŋŊWe only wondered who haddone the guarding, really.īŋŊ Hermione went on. īŋŊWe wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you.īŋŊ
   HagridīŋŊs chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.
   īŋŊWell, I donīŋŊ sīŋŊpose it could hurt ter tell yeh thatīŋŊ letīŋŊs seeīŋŊ he borrowed Fluffy from meīŋŊ then some oīŋŊ the teachers did enchantmentsīŋŊ Professor SproutīŋŊProfessor FlitwickīŋŊProfessor McGonagallīŋŊīŋŊ he ticked them off on his fingers, īŋŊProfessor QuirrellīŋŊanīŋŊ Dumbledore himself did somethinīŋŊ, oīŋŊ course. Hang on, IīŋŊve forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSnape?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeahīŋŊyer not still on abouīŋŊ that, are yeh? Look, Snape helpedprotect the Stone, heīŋŊs not about ter steal it.īŋŊ
   Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everythingīŋŊexcept, it seemed, QuirrellīŋŊs spell and how to get past Fluffy.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy, arenīŋŊt you, Hagrid?īŋŊ said Harry anxiously. īŋŊAnd you wouldnīŋŊt tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNot a soul knows except me anīŋŊ Dumbledore,īŋŊ said Hagrid proudly.
   īŋŊWell, thatīŋŊs something,īŋŊ Harry muttered to the others. īŋŊHagrid, can we have a window open? IīŋŊm boiling.īŋŊ
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt, Harry, sorry,īŋŊ said Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too.
   īŋŊHagridīŋŊwhatīŋŊsthat?īŋŊ
   But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
   īŋŊAh,īŋŊ said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, īŋŊThatīŋŊs erīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWhere did you get it, Hagrid?īŋŊ said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. īŋŊIt mustīŋŊve cost you a fortune.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWon it,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊLasīŋŊ night. I was down in the village havinīŋŊ a few drinks anīŋŊ got into a game oīŋŊ cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut what are you going to do with it when itīŋŊs hatched?īŋŊ said Hermione.
   īŋŊWell, IīŋŊve bin doinīŋŊ some readinīŋŊ,īŋŊ said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. īŋŊGot this outta the libraryīŋŊDragon Breeding for Pleasure and ProfitīŋŊitīŋŊs a bit outta date, oīŋŊ course, but itīŋŊs all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, īŋŊcause their mothers breathe on I em, see, anīŋŊ when it hatches, feed it on a bucket oīŋŊ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. AnīŋŊ see hereīŋŊhow ter recognize diffīŋŊrent eggsīŋŊwhat I got thereīŋŊs a Norwegian Ridgeback. TheyīŋŊre rare, them.īŋŊ
   He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didnīŋŊt.
   īŋŊHagrid, you live in awooden house,īŋŊ she said.
   But Hagrid wasnīŋŊt listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.
   So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.
   īŋŊWonder what itīŋŊs like to have a peaceful life,īŋŊ Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.
   Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid. He had written only two words:ItīŋŊs hatching.
   Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldnīŋŊt hear of it.
   īŋŊHermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve got lessons, weīŋŊll get into trouble, and thatīŋŊs nothing to what HagridīŋŊs going to be in when someone finds out what heīŋŊs doingīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊShut up!īŋŊ Harry whispered.
   Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How much had he heard? Harry didnīŋŊt like the look on MalfoyīŋŊs face at all.
   Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to HagridīŋŊs with the other two during morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them, looking flushed and excited.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs nearly out.īŋŊ He ushered them inside.
   The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
   They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.
   All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wasnīŋŊt exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
   It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
   īŋŊIsnīŋŊt hebeautiful?īŋŊ Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke the dragonīŋŊs head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.
   īŋŊBless him, look, he knows his mommy!īŋŊ said Hagrid.
   īŋŊHagrid,īŋŊ said Hermione, īŋŊhow fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?īŋŊ
   Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his faceīŋŊhe leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs the matter?īŋŊ
   īŋŊSomeone was lookinīŋŊ through the gap in the curtainsīŋŊitīŋŊs a kidīŋŊheīŋŊs runninīŋŊ back up ter the school.īŋŊ
   Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.
   Malfoy had seen the dragon.
   Something about the smile lurking on MalfoyīŋŊs face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in HagridīŋŊs darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
   īŋŊJust let him go,īŋŊ Harry urged. īŋŊSet him free.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI canīŋŊt,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊHeīŋŊs too little. HeīŋŊd die.īŋŊ
   They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadnīŋŊt been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve decided to call him Norbert,īŋŊ said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. īŋŊHe really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! WhereīŋŊs Mommy?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs lost his marbles,īŋŊ Ron muttered in HarryīŋŊs ear.
   īŋŊHagrid,īŋŊ said Harry loudly, īŋŊgive it two weeks and NorbertīŋŊs going to be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.īŋŊ
   Hagrid bit his lip.
   īŋŊIīŋŊI know I canīŋŊt keep him forever, but I canīŋŊt jusīŋŊ dump him, I canīŋŊt.īŋŊ
   Harry suddenly turned to Ron.īŋŊCharlie,īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre losing it, too,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊIīŋŊm Ron, remember?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNoīŋŊCharlieīŋŊyour brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons. We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!īŋŊ
   īŋŊBrilliant!īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊHow about it, Hagrid?īŋŊ
   And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him.
   The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. The clock on the wall had just chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off HarryīŋŊs Invisibility Cloak. He had been down at HagridīŋŊs hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.
   īŋŊIt bit me!īŋŊ he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. īŋŊIīŋŊm not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragonīŋŊs the most horrible animal IīŋŊve ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, youīŋŊd think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby.īŋŊ
   There was a tap on the dark window.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs Hedwig!īŋŊ said Harry, hurrying to let her in. īŋŊSheīŋŊll have CharlieīŋŊs answer!īŋŊ
   The three of them put their heads together to read the note.
   Dear Ron,
   How are you? Thanks for the letterīŋŊIīŋŊd be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it wonīŋŊt be easy getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustnīŋŊt be seen carrying an illegal dragon.
   Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while itīŋŊs still dark.
   Send me an answer as soon as possible.
   Love,
   Charlie
   They looked at one another.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve got the Invisibility Cloak,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊIt shouldnīŋŊt be too difficultīŋŊI think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and Norbert.īŋŊ
   It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of NorbertīŋŊand Malfoy.
   There was a hitch. By the next morning, RonīŋŊs bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size. He didnīŋŊt know whether it was safe to go to Madam PomfreyīŋŊwould she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if NorbertīŋŊs fangs were poisonous.
   Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs not just my hand,īŋŊ he whispered, īŋŊalthough that feels like itīŋŊs about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit meīŋŊIīŋŊve told her it was a dog, but I donīŋŊt think she believes me. I shouldnīŋŊt have hit him at the Quidditch match, thatīŋŊs why heīŋŊs doing this.īŋŊ
   Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
   īŋŊItīŋŊll all be over at midnight on Saturday,īŋŊ said Hermione, but this didnīŋŊt soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.
   īŋŊMidnight on Saturday!īŋŊ he said in a hoarse voice. īŋŊOh noīŋŊoh noīŋŊIīŋŊve just rememberedīŋŊCharlieīŋŊs letter was in that book Malfoy took, heīŋŊs going to know weīŋŊre getting rid of Norbert.īŋŊ
   Harry and Hermione didnīŋŊt get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs too late to change the plan now,īŋŊ Harry told Hermione. īŋŊWe havenīŋŊt got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. WeīŋŊll have to risk it. And wehave got the Invisibility Cloak, Malfoy doesnīŋŊt know about that.īŋŊ
   They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
   īŋŊI wonīŋŊt let you in,īŋŊ he puffed. īŋŊNorbertīŋŊs at a tricky stageīŋŊnothinīŋŊ I canīŋŊt handle.īŋŊ
   When they told him about CharlieīŋŊs letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg.
   īŋŊAargh! ItīŋŊs all right, he only got my bootīŋŊjusīŋŊ playinīŋŊīŋŊheīŋŊs only a baby, after all.īŋŊ
   The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Harry and Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldnīŋŊt come quickly enough.
   They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say good bye to Norbert if they hadnīŋŊt been so worried about what they had to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late arriving at HagridīŋŊs hut because theyīŋŊd had to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall, where heīŋŊd been playing tennis against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
   īŋŊHeīŋŊs got lots oīŋŊ rats anīŋŊ some brandy fer the journey,īŋŊ said Hagrid in a muffled voice. īŋŊAnīŋŊ IīŋŊve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.īŋŊ
   From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.
   īŋŊBye bye, Norbert!īŋŊ Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the Invisibility Cloak and stepped underneath it themselves. īŋŊMommy will never forget you!īŋŊ
   How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. Up another staircase, then anotherīŋŊeven one of HarryīŋŊs shortcuts didnīŋŊt make the work much easier.
   īŋŊNearly there!īŋŊ Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.
   Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate. Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared.
   Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.
   īŋŊDetention!īŋŊ she shouted. īŋŊAnd twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, howdare youīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt understand, Professor. Harry PotterīŋŊs comingīŋŊheīŋŊs got a dragon!īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come onīŋŊI shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!īŋŊ
   The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that. Not until theyīŋŊd stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. Hermione did a sort of jig.
   īŋŊMalfoyīŋŊs got detention! I could sing!īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt,īŋŊ Harry advised her.
   Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.
   CharlieīŋŊs friends were a cheery lot. They showed Harry and Hermione the harness theyīŋŊd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them. They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.
   At last, Norbert was goingīŋŊ goingīŋŊgone.
   They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragonīŋŊMalfoy in detentionīŋŊwhat could spoil their happiness?
   The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they stepped into the corridor, FilchīŋŊs face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.
   īŋŊWell, well, well,īŋŊ he whispered, īŋŊweare in trouble.īŋŊ
   TheyīŋŊd left the Invisibility Cloak on top of the tower.
   15. THE FORBIDDEN FOREST
   Things couldnīŋŊt have been worse.
   Filch took them down to Professor McGonagallīŋŊs study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Hermione was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories chased each other around HarryīŋŊs brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldnīŋŊt see how they were going to get out of trouble thistime. They were cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the Invisibility Cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
   Had Harry thought that things couldnīŋŊt have been worse? He was wrong. When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
   īŋŊHarry!īŋŊ Neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two. īŋŊI was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a dragīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.
   īŋŊI would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were up in the astronomy tower. ItīŋŊs one oīŋŊclock in the morning.Explain yourselves.īŋŊ
   It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacherīŋŊs question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
   īŋŊI think IīŋŊve got a good idea of whatīŋŊs been going on,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊIt doesnīŋŊt take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock and bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. IīŋŊve already caught him. I suppose you think itīŋŊsfunny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?īŋŊ
   Harry caught NevilleīŋŊs eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasnīŋŊt true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering NevilleīŋŊHarry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm disgusted,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall. īŋŊFour students out of bed in one night! IīŋŊve never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentionsīŋŊyes, you too, Mr. Longbottom,nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, itīŋŊs very dangerousīŋŊand fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.īŋŊ
   īŋŊFifty?īŋŊ Harry gaspedīŋŊthey would lose the lead, the lead heīŋŊd won in the last Quidditch match.
   īŋŊFifty pointseach,īŋŊ said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.
   īŋŊProfessorīŋŊpleaseīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYoucanīŋŊtīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt tell me what I can and canīŋŊt do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all of you. IīŋŊve never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.īŋŊ
   A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In one night, theyīŋŊd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How could they ever make up for this?
   Harry didnīŋŊt sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry couldnīŋŊt think of anything to say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what theyīŋŊd done?
   At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the house points the next day thought thereīŋŊd been a mistake. How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.
   From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup. Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didnīŋŊt trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, īŋŊThanks, Potter, we owe you one!īŋŊ
   Only Ron stood by him.
   īŋŊTheyīŋŊll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time theyīŋŊve been here, and people still like them.īŋŊ
   īŋŊTheyīŋŊve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?īŋŊ said Harry miserably.
   īŋŊWellīŋŊno,īŋŊ Ron admitted.
   It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that werenīŋŊt his business from now on. HeīŋŊd had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
   īŋŊResign?īŋŊ Wood thundered.īŋŊWhat goodīŋŊll that do? How are we going to get any points back if we canīŋŊt win at Quidditch?īŋŊ
   But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldnīŋŊt speak to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him īŋŊthe Seeker.īŋŊ
   Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didnīŋŊt have as bad a time as Harry, because they werenīŋŊt as well known, but nobody would speak to them, either. Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
   Harry was almost glad that the exams werenīŋŊt far away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellionsīŋŊ
   Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, HarryīŋŊs new resolution not to interfere in anything that didnīŋŊt concern him was put to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer, he heard QuirrellīŋŊs voice.
   īŋŊNoīŋŊnoīŋŊnot again, pleaseīŋŊīŋŊ
   It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer.
   īŋŊAll rightīŋŊall rightīŋŊīŋŊ he heard Quirrell sob.
   Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didnīŋŊt think Quirrell had even noticed him. He waited until QuirrellīŋŊs footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what heīŋŊd promised himself about not meddling.
   All the same, heīŋŊd have gambled twelve SorcererīŋŊs Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his stepīŋŊQuirrell seemed to have given in at last.
   Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what heīŋŊd heard.
   īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs done it, then!īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊIf QuirrellīŋŊs told him how to break his Anti Dark Force spellīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs still Fluffy, though,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   īŋŊMaybe SnapeīŋŊs found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,īŋŊ said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. īŋŊI bet thereīŋŊs a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?īŋŊ
   The light of adventure was kindling again in RonīŋŊs eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could.
   īŋŊGo to Dumbledore. ThatīŋŊs what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves weīŋŊll be thrown out for sure.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut weīŋŊve got noproof!īŋŊ said Harry.īŋŊQuirrellīŋŊs too scared to back us up. SnapeīŋŊs only got to say he doesnīŋŊt know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floorīŋŊwho do you think theyīŋŊll believe, him or us? ItīŋŊs not exactly a secret we hate him, DumbledoreīŋŊll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldnīŋŊt help us if his life depended on it, heīŋŊs too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, heīŋŊll think. And donīŋŊt forget, weīŋŊre not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. ThatīŋŊll take a lot of explaining.īŋŊ
   Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didnīŋŊt.
   īŋŊIf we just do a bit of poking aroundīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ said Harry flatly, īŋŊweīŋŊve done enough poking around.īŋŊ
   He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.
   The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:
   Your detention will take place at eleven oīŋŊclock tonight.
   Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.
   Professor McGonagall
   Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points theyīŋŊd lost. He half expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didnīŋŊt say a word. Like Harry, she felt they deserved what theyīŋŊd got.
   At eleven oīŋŊclock that night, they said good bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already thereīŋŊand so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.
   īŋŊFollow me,īŋŊ said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.
   īŋŊI bet youīŋŊll think twice about breaking a school rule again, wonīŋŊt you, eh?īŋŊ he said, leering at them. īŋŊOh yesīŋŊ hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask meīŋŊ ItīŋŊs just a pity they let the old punishments die outīŋŊ hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, IīŋŊve got the chains still in my office, keep īŋŊem well oiled in case theyīŋŊre ever neededīŋŊ Right, off we go, and donīŋŊt think of running off, now, itīŋŊll be worse for you if you do.īŋŊ
   They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldnīŋŊt be sounding so delighted.
   The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Harry could see the lighted windows of HagridīŋŊs hut. Then they heard a distant shout.
   īŋŊIs that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started.īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldnīŋŊt be so bad. His relief must have showed in his face, because Filch said, īŋŊI suppose you think youīŋŊll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? Well, think again, boyīŋŊitīŋŊs into the forest youīŋŊre going and IīŋŊm much mistaken if youīŋŊll all come out in one piece.īŋŊ
   At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.
   īŋŊThe forest?īŋŊ he repeated, and he didnīŋŊt sound quite as cool as usual. īŋŊWe canīŋŊt go in there at nightīŋŊthereīŋŊs all sorts of things in thereīŋŊwerewolves, I heard.īŋŊ
   Neville clutched the sleeve of HarryīŋŊs robe and made a choking noise.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs your problem, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ said Filch, his voice cracking with glee. īŋŊShouldīŋŊve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldnīŋŊt you?īŋŊ
   Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.
   īŋŊAbouīŋŊ time,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊI bin waitinīŋŊ fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI shouldnīŋŊt be too friendly to them, Hagrid,īŋŊ said Filch coldly, īŋŊtheyīŋŊre here to be punished, after all.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs why yer late, is it?īŋŊ said Hagrid, frowning at Filch. īŋŊBin lecturinīŋŊ them, eh? īŋŊSnot your place ter do that. YehīŋŊve done yer bit, IīŋŊll take over from here.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊll be back at dawn,īŋŊ said Filch, īŋŊfor whatīŋŊs left of them,īŋŊ he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.
   Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not going in that forest,īŋŊ he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.
   īŋŊYeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,īŋŊ said Hagrid fiercely. īŋŊYehīŋŊve done wrong anīŋŊ now yehīŋŊve got ter pay fer it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut this is servant stuff, itīŋŊs not for students to do. I thought weīŋŊd be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, heīŋŊdīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊīŋŊtell yer thatīŋŊs how it is at Hogwarts,īŋŊ Hagrid growled. īŋŊCopyinīŋŊ lines! What goodīŋŊs that ter anyone? YehīŋŊll do summat useful or yehīŋŊll get out. If yeh think yer fatherīŋŊd rather you were expelled, then get back off ter the castle anīŋŊ pack. Go on.īŋŊ
   Malfoy didnīŋŊt move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.
   īŋŊRight then,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊnow, listen carefully, īŋŊcause itīŋŊs dangerous what weīŋŊre gonna do tonight, anīŋŊ I donīŋŊ want no one takinīŋŊ risks. Follow me over here a moment.īŋŊ
   He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest.
   īŋŊLook there,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊsee that stuff shininīŋŊ on the ground? Silvery stuff? ThatīŋŊs unicorn blood. ThereīŋŊs a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. WeīŋŊre gonna try anīŋŊ find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?īŋŊ said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs nothinīŋŊ that lives in the forest thatīŋŊll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊAnīŋŊ keep ter the path. Right, now, weīŋŊre gonna split inter two parties anīŋŊ follow the trail in diffīŋŊrent directions. ThereīŋŊs blood all over the place, it mustīŋŊve bin staggerinīŋŊ around since last night at least.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI want Fang,īŋŊ said Malfoy quickly, looking at FangīŋŊs long teeth.
   īŋŊAll right, but I warn yeh, heīŋŊs a coward,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊSo me, Harry, anīŋŊ HermioneīŋŊll go one way anīŋŊ Draco, Neville, anīŋŊ FangīŋŊll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, weīŋŊll send up green sparks, right? Get yer wands out anīŋŊ practice nowīŋŊthatīŋŊs itīŋŊanīŋŊ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, anīŋŊ weīŋŊll all come anīŋŊ find yehīŋŊso, be carefulīŋŊletīŋŊs go.īŋŊ
   The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
   They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver blue blood on the fallen leaves.
   Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.
   īŋŊCould a werewolf be killing the unicorns?īŋŊ Harry asked.
   īŋŊNot fast enough,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊItīŋŊs not easy ter catch a unicorn, theyīŋŊre powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before.īŋŊ
   They walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
   īŋŊYou all right, Hermione?īŋŊ Hagrid whispered. īŋŊDonīŋŊ worry, it canīŋŊtīŋŊve gone far if itīŋŊs this badly hurt, anīŋŊ then weīŋŊll be able terīŋŊGET BEHIND THAT TREE!īŋŊ
   Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.
   īŋŊI knew it,īŋŊ he murmured. īŋŊThereīŋŊs summat in here that shouldnīŋŊ be.īŋŊ
   īŋŊA werewolf?īŋŊ Harry suggested.
   īŋŊThat wasnīŋŊ no werewolf anīŋŊ it wasnīŋŊ no unicorn, neither,īŋŊ said Hagrid grimly. īŋŊRight, follow me, but careful, now.īŋŊ
   They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊs there?īŋŊ Hagrid called. īŋŊShow yerselfīŋŊIīŋŊm armed!īŋŊ
   And into the clearing cameīŋŊwas it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horseīŋŊs gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Harry and HermioneīŋŊs jaws dropped.
   īŋŊOh, itīŋŊs you, Ronan,īŋŊ said Hagrid in relief. īŋŊHow are yeh?īŋŊ
   He walked forward and shook the centaurīŋŊs hand.
   īŋŊGood evening to you, Hagrid,īŋŊ said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful voice. īŋŊWere you going to shoot me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊCanīŋŊt be too careful, Ronan,īŋŊ said Hagrid, patting his crossbow. īŋŊThereīŋŊs summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter anīŋŊ Hermione Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. AnīŋŊ this is Ronan, you two. HeīŋŊs a centaur.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊd noticed,īŋŊ said Hermione faintly.
   īŋŊGood evening,īŋŊ said Ronan. īŋŊStudents, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school?īŋŊ
   īŋŊErmīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊA bit,īŋŊ said Hermione timidly.
   īŋŊA bit. Well, thatīŋŊs something.īŋŊ Ronan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. īŋŊMars is bright tonight.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah,īŋŊ said Hagrid, glancing up, too. īŋŊListen, IīŋŊm glad weīŋŊve run inter yeh, Ronan, īŋŊcause thereīŋŊs a unicorn bin hurtīŋŊyou seen anythinīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   Ronan didnīŋŊt answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.
   īŋŊAlways the innocent are the first victims,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊSo it has been for ages past, so it is now.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah,īŋŊ said Hagrid, īŋŊbut have yeh seen anythinīŋŊ, Ronan? AnythinīŋŊ unusual?īŋŊ
   īŋŊMars is bright tonight,īŋŊ Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently. īŋŊUnusually bright.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah, but I was meaninīŋŊ anythinīŋŊ unusual a bit nearer home, said Hagrid. īŋŊSo yeh havenīŋŊt noticed anythinīŋŊ strange?īŋŊ
   Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said,īŋŊThe forest hides many secrets.īŋŊ
   A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black haired and bodied and wilder looking than Ronan.
   īŋŊHullo, Bane,īŋŊ said Hagrid. īŋŊAll right?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGood evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell enough. Look, IīŋŊve jusīŋŊ bin askinīŋŊ Ronan, you seen anythinīŋŊ odd in here lately? ThereīŋŊs a unicorn bin injuredīŋŊwould yeh know anythinīŋŊ about it?īŋŊ
   Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward.īŋŊMars is bright tonight,īŋŊ he said simply.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve heard,īŋŊ said Hagrid grumpily. īŋŊWell, if either of you do see anythinīŋŊ, let me know, wonīŋŊt yeh? WeīŋŊll be off, then.īŋŊ
   Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
   īŋŊNever,īŋŊ said Hagrid irritably, īŋŊtry anīŋŊ get a straight answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythinīŋŊ closerīŋŊn the moon.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAre there many ofthem in here?īŋŊ asked Hermione.
   īŋŊOh, a fair fewīŋŊ Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but theyīŋŊre good enough about turninīŋŊ up if ever I want a word. TheyīŋŊre deep mind, centaursīŋŊ they know thingsīŋŊ jusīŋŊ donīŋŊ let on much.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDīŋŊyou think that was a centaur we heard earlier?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊDid that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was whatīŋŊs bin killinīŋŊ the unicornsīŋŊnever heard anythinīŋŊ like it before.īŋŊ
   They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Harry kept looking nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them. They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed HagridīŋŊs arm.
   īŋŊHagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou two wait here!īŋŊ Hagrid shouted. īŋŊStay on the path, IīŋŊll come back for yeh!īŋŊ
   They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldnīŋŊt hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt think theyīŋŊve been hurt, do you?īŋŊ whispered Hermione.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt care if Malfoy has, but if somethingīŋŊs got NevilleīŋŊ itīŋŊs our fault heīŋŊs here in the first place.īŋŊ
   The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. HarryīŋŊs seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig. What was going on? Where were the others?
   At last, a great crunching noise announced HagridīŋŊs return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊll be lucky ter catch anythinīŋŊ now, with the racket you two were makinīŋŊ. Right, weīŋŊre changinīŋŊ groupsīŋŊNeville, you stay with me anīŋŊ Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang anīŋŊ this idiot. IīŋŊm sorry,īŋŊ Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, īŋŊbut heīŋŊll have a harder time frighteninīŋŊ you, anīŋŊ weīŋŊve gotta get this done.īŋŊ
   So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so thick. Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by. Harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
   īŋŊLookīŋŊīŋŊ he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.
   Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
   It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Harry had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly white on the dark leaves.
   Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quiveredīŋŊ Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. Harry, Malfoy, and Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animalīŋŊs side, and began to drink its blood.
   īŋŊAAAAAAAAAARGH!īŋŊ
   Malfoy let out a terrible scream and boltedīŋŊso did Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at HarryīŋŊunicorn blood was dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward HarryīŋŊhe couldnīŋŊt move for fear.
   Then a pain like heīŋŊd never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over Harry, charging at the figure.
   The pain in HarryīŋŊs head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white blond hair and a palomino body.
   īŋŊAre you all right?īŋŊ said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.
   īŋŊYesīŋŊthank youīŋŊwhatwas that?īŋŊ
   The centaur didnīŋŊt answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires. He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on HarryīŋŊs forehead.
   īŋŊYou are the Potter boy,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊYou had better get back to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this timeīŋŊespecially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker this way.
   īŋŊMy name is Firenze,īŋŊ he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.
   There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.
   īŋŊFirenze!īŋŊ Bane thundered. īŋŊWhat are you doing? You have a human on your back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?īŋŊ
   īŋŊDo you realize who this is?īŋŊ said Firenze. īŋŊThis is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat have you been telling him?īŋŊ growled Bane. īŋŊRemember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets?īŋŊ
   Ronan pawed the ground nervously.īŋŊIīŋŊm sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best,īŋŊ he said in his gloomy voice.
   Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
   īŋŊFor the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!īŋŊ
   Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.
   īŋŊDo you not see that unicorn?īŋŊ Firenze bellowed at Bane. īŋŊDo you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.īŋŊ
   And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
   Harry didnīŋŊt have a clue what was going on.
   īŋŊWhyīŋŊs Bane so angry?īŋŊ he asked. īŋŊWhat was that thing you saved me from, anyway?īŋŊ
   Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low hanging branches, but did not answer HarryīŋŊs question. They made their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought Firenze didnīŋŊt want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped.
   īŋŊHarry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used for?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo,īŋŊ said Harry, startled by the odd question. īŋŊWeīŋŊve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThat is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,īŋŊ said Firenze. īŋŊOnly one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.īŋŊ
   Harry stared at the back of FirenzeīŋŊs head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.
   īŋŊBut whoīŋŊd be that desperate?īŋŊ he wondered aloud. īŋŊIf youīŋŊre going to be cursed forever, deathīŋŊs better, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt is,īŋŊ Firenze agreed, īŋŊunless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something elseīŋŊsomething that will bring you back to full strength and powerīŋŊsomething that will mean you can never die. Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThe SorcererīŋŊs Stone! Of courseīŋŊthe Elixir of Life! But I donīŋŊt understand whoīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊCan you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?īŋŊ
   It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around HarryīŋŊs heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: īŋŊSome say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDo you mean,īŋŊ Harry croaked, īŋŊthat wasVolīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊHarry! Harry, are you all right?īŋŊ
   Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm fine,īŋŊ said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. īŋŊThe unicornīŋŊs dead, Hagrid, itīŋŊs in that clearing back there.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThis is where I leave you,īŋŊ Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. īŋŊYou are safe now.īŋŊ
   Harry slid off his back.
   īŋŊGood luck, Harry Potter,īŋŊ said Firenze. īŋŊThe planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times.īŋŊ
   He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him.
   Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.
   Harry couldnīŋŊt sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.
   īŋŊSnape wants the stone for VoldemortīŋŊ and VoldemortīŋŊs waiting in the forestīŋŊ and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get richīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊStop saying the name!īŋŊ said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.
   Harry wasnīŋŊt listening.
   īŋŊFirenze saved me, but he shouldnīŋŊt have done soīŋŊ Bane was furiousīŋŊ he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happenīŋŊ They must show that VoldemortīŋŊs coming backīŋŊ Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill meīŋŊ I suppose thatīŋŊs written in the stars as well.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWill you stop saying the name!īŋŊ Ron hissed.
   īŋŊSo all IīŋŊve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,īŋŊ Harry went on feverishly, īŋŊthen Voldemort will be able to come and finish me offīŋŊ Well, I suppose BaneīŋŊll be happy.īŋŊ
   Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
   īŋŊHarry, everyone says DumbledoreīŋŊs the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who wonīŋŊt touch you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune telling to me, and Professor McGonagall says thatīŋŊs a very imprecise branch of magic.īŋŊ
   The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore. But the nightīŋŊs surprises werenīŋŊt over.
   When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his Invisibility Cloak folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
   Just in case.
   16. THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR
   In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
   It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
   They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffboxīŋŊpoints were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
   Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldnīŋŊt sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
   Maybe it was because they hadnīŋŊt seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didnīŋŊt have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didnīŋŊt seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didnīŋŊt keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didnīŋŊt have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
   Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards whoīŋŊd invented selfstirring cauldrons and theyīŋŊd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldnīŋŊt help cheering with the rest.
   īŋŊThat was far easier than I thought it would be,īŋŊ said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. īŋŊI neednīŋŊt have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.īŋŊ
   Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.īŋŊNo more studying,īŋŊ Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. īŋŊYou could look more cheerful, Harry, weīŋŊve got a week before we find out how badly weīŋŊve done, thereīŋŊs no need to worry yet.īŋŊ
   Harry was rubbing his forehead.
   īŋŊI wish I knew what thismeans!īŋŊ he burst out angrily.īŋŊMy scar keeps hurtingīŋŊitīŋŊs happened before, but never as often as this.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGo to Madam Pomfrey,īŋŊ Hermione suggested.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not ill,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊI think itīŋŊs a warningīŋŊ it means dangerīŋŊs comingīŋŊīŋŊ
   Ron couldnīŋŊt get worked up, it was too hot.
   īŋŊHarry, relax, HermioneīŋŊs right, the StoneīŋŊs safe as long as DumbledoreīŋŊs around. Anyway, weīŋŊve never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, heīŋŊs not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.īŋŊ
   Harry nodded, but he couldnīŋŊt shake off a lurking feeling that there was something heīŋŊd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, Hermione said, īŋŊThatīŋŊs just the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered weīŋŊd done that one.īŋŊ
   Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didnīŋŊt have anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past FluffyīŋŊ neverīŋŊbutīŋŊ
   Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.
   īŋŊWhereīŋŊre you going?īŋŊ said Ron sleepily.
   īŋŊIīŋŊve just thought of something,īŋŊ said Harry. He had turned white. īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to go and see Hagrid, now.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy?īŋŊ panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt you think itīŋŊs a bit odd,īŋŊ said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, īŋŊthat what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if itīŋŊs against wizard law? Lucky they found Hagrid, donīŋŊt you think? Why didnīŋŊt I see it before?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat are you talking about?īŋŊ said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didnīŋŊt answer.
   Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
   īŋŊHullo,īŋŊ he said, smiling. īŋŊFinished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes, please,īŋŊ said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
   īŋŊNo, weīŋŊre in a hurry. Hagrid, IīŋŊve got to ask you something. You know that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?īŋŊ
   īŋŊDunno,īŋŊ said Hagrid casually, īŋŊhe wouldnīŋŊ take his cloak off.īŋŊ
   He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs not that unusual, yeh get a lot oīŋŊ funny folk in the HogīŋŊs HeadīŋŊthatīŋŊs the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightnīŋŊ he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up.īŋŊ
   Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.īŋŊWhat did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?īŋŊ
   īŋŊMighta come up,īŋŊ said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember. īŋŊYeahīŋŊ he asked what I did, anīŋŊ I told him I was gamekeeper hereīŋŊ He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took afterīŋŊ so I told himīŋŊ anīŋŊ I said what IīŋŊd always really wanted was a dragonīŋŊ anīŋŊ thenīŋŊ I canīŋŊ remember too well, īŋŊcause he kept buyinīŋŊ me drinksīŋŊ LetīŋŊs seeīŋŊ yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg anīŋŊ we could play cards fer it if I wantedīŋŊ but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he didnīŋŊ want it ter go ter any old homeīŋŊ So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd did heīŋŊdid he seem interested in Fluffy?īŋŊ Harry asked, try ing to keep his voice calm.
   īŋŊWellīŋŊyeahīŋŊhow many three headed dogs dīŋŊyeh meet, even around Hogwarts? So I told him, FluffyīŋŊs a piece oīŋŊ cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jusīŋŊ play him a bit oīŋŊ music anīŋŊ heīŋŊll go straight off ter sleepīŋŊīŋŊ
   Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
   īŋŊI shouldnīŋŊta told yeh that!īŋŊ he blurted out. īŋŊForget I said it! HeyīŋŊwhereīŋŊre yeh goinīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   Harry, Ron, and Hermione didnīŋŊt speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to go to Dumbledore,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊHagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloakīŋŊit mustīŋŊve been easy, once heīŋŊd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesnīŋŊt stop him. WhereīŋŊs DumbledoreīŋŊs office?īŋŊ
   They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊll just have toīŋŊīŋŊ Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.
   īŋŊWhat are you three doing inside?īŋŊ
   It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
   īŋŊWe want to see Professor Dumbledore,īŋŊ said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.
   īŋŊSee Professor Dumbledore?īŋŊ Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. īŋŊWhy?īŋŊ
   Harry swallowedīŋŊnow what?
   īŋŊItīŋŊs sort of secret,īŋŊ he said, but he wished at once he hadnīŋŊt, because Professor McGonagallīŋŊs nostrils flared.
   īŋŊProfessor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago,īŋŊ she said coldly. īŋŊHe received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊsgone?īŋŊ said Harry frantically.īŋŊNow?īŋŊ
   īŋŊProfessor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many demands on his timeīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBut this is important.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSomething you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic, Potter?īŋŊ
   īŋŊLook,īŋŊ said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, īŋŊProfessorīŋŊitīŋŊs about the SorcererīŋŊs stoneīŋŊīŋŊ
   Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasnīŋŊt that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didnīŋŊt pick them up. īŋŊHow do you know ?īŋŊ she spluttered.
   īŋŊProfessor, I thinkīŋŊIknowīŋŊthat SnīŋŊthat someoneīŋŊs going to try and steal the Stone. IīŋŊve got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.īŋŊ
   She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
   īŋŊProfessor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow,īŋŊ she said finally. īŋŊI donīŋŊt know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal it, itīŋŊs too well protected.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut ProfessorīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊPotter, I know what IīŋŊm talking about,īŋŊ she said shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. īŋŊI suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.īŋŊ
   But they didnīŋŊt.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs tonight,īŋŊ said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot. īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs going through the trapdoor tonight. HeīŋŊs found out everything he needs, and now heīŋŊs got Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut what can weīŋŊīŋŊ
   Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.
   Snape was standing there.
   īŋŊGood afternoon,īŋŊ he said smoothly.
   They stared at him.
   īŋŊYou shouldnīŋŊt be inside on a day like this,īŋŊ he said, with an odd, twisted smile.
   īŋŊWe wereīŋŊīŋŊ Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.
   īŋŊYou want to be more careful,īŋŊ said Snape. īŋŊHanging around like this, people will think youīŋŊre up to something. And Gryffindor really canīŋŊt afford to lose any more points, can it?īŋŊ
   Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
   īŋŊBe warned, PotterīŋŊany more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you.īŋŊ
   He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
   Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.
   īŋŊRight, hereīŋŊs what weīŋŊve got to do,īŋŊ he whispered urgently. īŋŊOne of us has got to keep an eye on SnapeīŋŊwait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. Hermione, youīŋŊd better do that.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhy me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs obvious,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊYou can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.īŋŊ He put on a high voice, īŋŊīŋŊOh Professor Flitwick, IīŋŊm so worried, I think I got question fourteenb wrongīŋŊīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, shut up,īŋŊ said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.
   īŋŊAnd weīŋŊd better stay outside the third floor corridor,īŋŊ Harry told Ron. īŋŊCome on.īŋŊ
   But that part of the plan didnīŋŊt work. No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
   īŋŊI suppose you think youīŋŊre harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!īŋŊ she stormed. īŋŊEnough of this nonsense! If I hear youīŋŊve come anywhere near here again, IīŋŊll take another fifty points from Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!īŋŊ
   Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said,īŋŊAt least HermioneīŋŊs on SnapeīŋŊs tail,īŋŊ when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm sorry, Harry!īŋŊ she wailed. īŋŊSnape came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and IīŋŊve only just got away, I donīŋŊt know where Snape went.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, thatīŋŊs it then, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ Harry said.
   The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm going out of here tonight and IīŋŊm going to try and get to the Stone first.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre mad!īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊYou canīŋŊt!īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊAfter what McGonagall and Snape have said? YouīŋŊll be expelled!īŋŊ
   īŋŊSO WHAT?īŋŊ Harry shouted. īŋŊDonīŋŊt you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, VoldemortīŋŊs coming back! HavenīŋŊt you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There wonīŋŊt be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! HeīŋŊll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesnīŋŊt matter anymore, canīŋŊt you see? DīŋŊyou think heīŋŊll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, IīŋŊll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, itīŋŊs only dying a bit later than I would have, because IīŋŊm never going over to the Dark Side! IīŋŊm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?īŋŊ
   He glared at them.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre right, Harry,īŋŊ said Hermione in a small voice.
   īŋŊIīŋŊll use the Invisibility Cloak,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊItīŋŊs just lucky I got it back.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut will it cover all three of us?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊAllīŋŊall three of us?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, come off it, you donīŋŊt think weīŋŊd let you go alone?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOf course not,īŋŊ said Hermione briskly. īŋŊHow do you think youīŋŊd get to the Stone without us? IīŋŊd better go and took through my books, there might be something usefulīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBut if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNot if I can help it,īŋŊ said Hermione grimly. īŋŊFlitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. TheyīŋŊre not throwing me out after that.īŋŊ
   After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any more, after all. This was the first night he hadnīŋŊt been upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didnīŋŊt talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.
   Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
   īŋŊBetter get the cloak,īŋŊ Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on FluffyīŋŊhe didnīŋŊt feel much like singing.
   He ran back down to the common room.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of usīŋŊif Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its ownīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat are you doing?īŋŊ said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though heīŋŊd been making another bid for freedom.
   īŋŊNothing, Neville, nothing,īŋŊ said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.
   Neville stared at their guilty faces.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre going out again,īŋŊ he said.
   īŋŊNo, no, no,īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊNo, weīŋŊre not. Why donīŋŊt you go to bed, Neville?īŋŊ
   Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldnīŋŊt afford to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
   īŋŊYou canīŋŊt go out,īŋŊ said Neville, īŋŊyouīŋŊll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou donīŋŊt understand,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊthis is important.īŋŊ
   But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
   īŋŊI wonīŋŊt let you do it,īŋŊ he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. īŋŊIīŋŊllīŋŊIīŋŊll fight you!īŋŊ
   īŋŊNeville,īŋŊ Ron exploded,īŋŊget away from that hole and donīŋŊt be an idiotīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt you call me an idiot!īŋŊ said Neville. īŋŊI donīŋŊt think you should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to people!īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes, but not tous,īŋŊ said Ron in exasperation.īŋŊNeville, you donīŋŊt know what youīŋŊre doing.īŋŊ
   He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.
   īŋŊGo on then, try and hit me!īŋŊ said Neville, raising his fists. īŋŊIīŋŊm ready!īŋŊ
   Harry turned to Hermione.
   īŋŊDosomething,īŋŊ he said desperately.
   Hermione stepped forward.
   īŋŊNeville,īŋŊ she said, īŋŊIīŋŊm really, really sorry about this.īŋŊ
   She raised her wand.
   īŋŊPetrificus Totalus!īŋŊ she cried, pointing it at Neville.
   NevilleīŋŊs arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.
   Hermione ran to turn him over. NevilleīŋŊs jaws were jammed together so he couldnīŋŊt speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊve you done to him?īŋŊ Harry whispered.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs the full Body Bind,īŋŊ said Hermione miserably. īŋŊOh, Neville, IīŋŊm so sorry.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWe had to, Neville, no time to explain,īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊll understand later, Neville,īŋŊ said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the Invisibility Cloak.
   But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didnīŋŊt feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, every statueīŋŊs shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.
   īŋŊOh, letīŋŊs kick her, just this once,īŋŊ Ron whispered in HarryīŋŊs ear, but Harry shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didnīŋŊt do anything.
   They didnīŋŊt meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.
   īŋŊWhoīŋŊs there?īŋŊ he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed his wicked black eyes. īŋŊKnow youīŋŊre there, even if I canīŋŊt see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?īŋŊ
   He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.
   īŋŊShould call Filch, I should, if somethingīŋŊs a creeping around unseen.īŋŊ
   Harry had a sudden idea.
   īŋŊPeeves,īŋŊ he said, in a hoarse whisper, īŋŊthe Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.īŋŊ
   Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
   īŋŊSo sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir,īŋŊ he said greasily. īŋŊMy mistake, my mistakeīŋŊI didnīŋŊt see youīŋŊof course I didnīŋŊt, youīŋŊre invisibleīŋŊforgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI have business here, Peeves,īŋŊ croaked Harry. īŋŊStay away from this place tonight.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI will, sir, I most certainly will,īŋŊ said Peeves, rising up in the air again. īŋŊHope your business goes well, Baron, IīŋŊll not bother you.īŋŊ
   And he scooted off.
   īŋŊBrilliant, Harry!īŋŊ whispered Ron.
   A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third floor corridorīŋŊand the door was already ajar.
   īŋŊWell, there you are,īŋŊ Harry said quietly, īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs already got past Fluffy.īŋŊ
   Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two.
   īŋŊIf you want to go back, I wonīŋŊt blame you,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊYou can take the cloak, I wonīŋŊt need it now.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt be stupid,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊre coming,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   Harry pushed the door open.
   As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of the dogīŋŊs noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldnīŋŊt see them.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs that at its feet?īŋŊ Hermione whispered.
   īŋŊLooks like a harp,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊSnape must have left it there.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt must wake up the moment you stop playing,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊWell, here goesīŋŊīŋŊ
   He put HagridīŋŊs flute to his lips and blew. It wasnīŋŊt really a tune, but from the first note the beastīŋŊs eyes began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly, the dogīŋŊs growls ceasedīŋŊit tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.
   īŋŊKeep playing,īŋŊ Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dogīŋŊs hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads. īŋŊI think weīŋŊll be able to pull the door open,īŋŊ said Ron, peering over the dogīŋŊs back. īŋŊWant to go first, Hermione?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, I donīŋŊt!īŋŊ
   īŋŊAll right.īŋŊ Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dogīŋŊs legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.
   īŋŊWhat can you see?īŋŊ Hermione said anxiously.
   īŋŊNothingīŋŊjust blackīŋŊthereīŋŊs no way of climbing down, weīŋŊll just have to drop.īŋŊ
   Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.
   īŋŊYou want to go first? Are you sure?īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊI donīŋŊt know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.īŋŊ
   Harry handed the flute over. In the few secondsīŋŊ silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.
   Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom.
   He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said,īŋŊIf anything happens to me, donīŋŊt follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?īŋŊ
   īŋŊRight,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊSee you in a minute, I hopeīŋŊīŋŊ
   And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down andīŋŊ
   FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs okay!īŋŊ he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, īŋŊitīŋŊs a soft landing, you can jump!īŋŊ
   Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Harry.
   īŋŊWhatīŋŊs this stuff?īŋŊ were his first words.
   īŋŊDunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose itīŋŊs here to break the fall. Come on, Hermione!īŋŊ
   The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped. She landed on HarryīŋŊs other side.
   īŋŊWe must be miles under the school,īŋŊ she said.
   īŋŊLucky this plant thingīŋŊs here, really,īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊLucky!īŋŊ shrieked Hermione.īŋŊLook at you both!īŋŊ
   She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
   Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.
   īŋŊStop moving!īŋŊ Hermione ordered them. īŋŊI know what this isīŋŊitīŋŊs DevilīŋŊs Snare!īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, IīŋŊm so glad we know what itīŋŊs called, thatīŋŊs a great help,īŋŊ snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck. īŋŊShut up, IīŋŊm trying to remember how to kill it!īŋŊ said Hermione.
   īŋŊWell, hurry up, I canīŋŊt breathe!īŋŊ Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.
   īŋŊDevilīŋŊs Snare, DevilīŋŊs SnareīŋŊ what did Professor Sprout say?īŋŊit likes the dark and the dampīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSo light a fire!īŋŊ Harry choked.
   īŋŊYesīŋŊof courseīŋŊbut thereīŋŊs no wood!īŋŊ Hermione cried, wringing her hands.
   īŋŊHAVE YOU GONE MAD?īŋŊ Ron bellowed. īŋŊARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, right!īŋŊ said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.
   īŋŊLucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,īŋŊ said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
   īŋŊYeah,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊand lucky Harry doesnīŋŊt lose his head in a crisisīŋŊīŋŊthereīŋŊs no wood,īŋŊhonestly.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThis way,īŋŊ said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.
   All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizardsīŋŊ bank. If they met a dragon, a fully grown dragonīŋŊNorbert had been bad enoughīŋŊ
   īŋŊCan you hear something?īŋŊ Ron whispered.
   Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.
   īŋŊDo you think itīŋŊs a ghost?īŋŊ
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt knowīŋŊ sounds like wings to me.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs light aheadīŋŊI can see something moving.īŋŊ
   They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.
   īŋŊDo you think theyīŋŊll attack us if we cross the room?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊProbably,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊThey donīŋŊt look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at onceīŋŊ well, thereīŋŊs no other choiceīŋŊ IīŋŊll run.īŋŊ
   He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He pulled the handle, but it was locked.
   The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldnīŋŊt budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.
   īŋŊNow what?īŋŊ said Ron.
   īŋŊThese birdsīŋŊ they canīŋŊt be here just for decoration,īŋŊ said Hermione.
   They watched the birds soaring overhead, glitteringīŋŊglittering?
   īŋŊTheyīŋŊre not birds!īŋŊ Harry said suddenly. īŋŊTheyīŋŊrekeys! Winged keysīŋŊlook carefully. So that must meanīŋŊīŋŊ he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. īŋŊīŋŊyesīŋŊlook! Broomsticks! WeīŋŊve got to catch the key to the door!īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut there arehundreds of them!īŋŊ
   Ron examined the lock on the door.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊre looking for a big, old fashioned oneīŋŊprobably silver, like the handle.īŋŊ
   They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.
   Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting things other people didnīŋŊt. After a minuteīŋŊs weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
   īŋŊThat one!īŋŊ he called to the others. īŋŊThat big oneīŋŊthereīŋŊno, thereīŋŊwith bright blue wingsīŋŊthe feathers are all crumpled on one side.īŋŊ
   Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to close in on it!īŋŊ Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. īŋŊRon, you come at it from aboveīŋŊHermione, stay below and stop it from going down and IīŋŊll try and catch it. Right, NOW!īŋŊ
   Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand. Ron and HermioneīŋŊs cheers echoed around the high chamber.
   They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turnedīŋŊit worked. The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that it had been caught twice.
   īŋŊReady?īŋŊ Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open.
   The next chamber was so dark they couldnīŋŊt see anything at all. But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.
   They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightlyīŋŊthe towering white chessmen had no faces.
   īŋŊNow what do we do?īŋŊ Harry whispered.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs obvious, isnīŋŊt it?īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊWeīŋŊve got to play our way across the room.īŋŊ
   Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
   īŋŊHow?īŋŊ said Hermione nervously.
   īŋŊI think,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊweīŋŊre going to have to be chessmen.īŋŊ
   He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knightīŋŊs horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
   īŋŊDo weīŋŊerīŋŊhave to join you to get across?īŋŊ The black knight nodded. Ron turned to the other two.
   īŋŊThis needs thinking about he said. I suppose weīŋŊve got to take the place of three of the black piecesīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said,īŋŊNow, donīŋŊt be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at chessīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊre not offended,īŋŊ said Harry quickly. īŋŊJust tell us what to do.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione, you go next to him instead of that castle.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat about you?īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm going to be a knight,īŋŊ said Ron.
   The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took.
   īŋŊWhite always plays first in chess,īŋŊ said Ron, peering across the board. īŋŊYesīŋŊ lookīŋŊīŋŊ
   A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
   Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. HarryīŋŊs knees were trembling. What if they lost?
   īŋŊHarryīŋŊmove diagonally four squares to the right.īŋŊ
   Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.
   īŋŊHad to let that happen,īŋŊ said Ron, looking shaken. īŋŊLeaves you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go on.īŋŊ
   Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.
   īŋŊWeīŋŊre nearly there,īŋŊ he muttered suddenly. īŋŊLet me thinkīŋŊlet me thinkīŋŊīŋŊ
   The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
   īŋŊYesīŋŊīŋŊ said Ron softly, īŋŊItīŋŊs the only wayīŋŊ IīŋŊve got to be taken.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNO!īŋŊ Harry and Hermione shouted.
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs chess!īŋŊ snapped Ron. īŋŊYouīŋŊve got to make some sacrifices! I take one step forward and sheīŋŊll take meīŋŊthat leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!īŋŊ
   īŋŊButīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊDo you want to stop Snape or not?īŋŊ
   īŋŊRonīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊLook, if you donīŋŊt hurry up, heīŋŊll already have the Stone!īŋŊ
   There was no alternative.
   īŋŊReady?īŋŊ Ron called, his face pale but determined. īŋŊHere I goīŋŊnow, donīŋŊt hang around once youīŋŊve won.īŋŊ
   He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floorīŋŊHermione screamed but stayed on her squareīŋŊthe white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if heīŋŊd been knocked out.
   Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left.
   The white king took off his crown and threw it at HarryīŋŊs feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.
   īŋŊWhat if heīŋŊsīŋŊ?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHeīŋŊll be all right,īŋŊ said Harry, trying to convince himself. īŋŊWhat do you reckonīŋŊs next?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWeīŋŊve had SproutīŋŊs, that was the DevilīŋŊs Snare; Flitwick mustīŋŊve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves QuirrellīŋŊs spell, and SnapeīŋŊs.īŋŊ
   They had reached another door.
   īŋŊAll right?īŋŊ Harry whispered.
   īŋŊGo on.īŋŊ
   Harry pushed it open.
   A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.
   īŋŊIīŋŊm glad we didnīŋŊt have to fight that one,īŋŊ Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. īŋŊCome on, I canīŋŊt breathe.īŋŊ
   He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came nextīŋŊbut there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
   īŋŊSnapeīŋŊs,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊWhat do we have to do?īŋŊ
   They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasnīŋŊt ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped.
   īŋŊLook!īŋŊ Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wineīŋŊs left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
   Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.
   īŋŊBrilliant,īŋŊ said Hermione.īŋŊThis isnīŋŊt magicīŋŊitīŋŊs logicīŋŊa puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards havenīŋŊt got an ounce of logic, theyīŋŊd be stuck in here forever.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut so will we, wonīŋŊt we?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOf course not,īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊEverything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us back through the purple.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut how do we know which to drink?īŋŊ
   īŋŊGive me a minute.īŋŊ
   Hermione read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she clapped her hands.
   īŋŊGot it,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊThe smallest bottle will get us through the black fireīŋŊtoward the Stone.īŋŊ
   Harry looked at the tiny bottle.
   īŋŊThereīŋŊs only enough there for one of us,īŋŊ he said. īŋŊThatīŋŊs hardly one swallow.īŋŊ
   They looked at each other.
   īŋŊWhich one will get you back through the purple flames?īŋŊ
   Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
   īŋŊYou drink that,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊNo, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab brooms from the flying-key room, theyīŋŊll get you out of the trapdoor and past FluffyīŋŊgo straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but IīŋŊm no match for him, really.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut HarryīŋŊwhat if You-Know-WhoīŋŊs with him?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWellīŋŊI was lucky once, wasnīŋŊt I?īŋŊ said Harry, pointing at his scar. īŋŊI might get lucky again.īŋŊ
   HermioneīŋŊs lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.
   īŋŊHermione!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHarryīŋŊyouīŋŊre a great wizard, you know.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIīŋŊm not as good as you,īŋŊ said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.
   īŋŊMe!īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊBooks! And cleverness! There are more important thingsīŋŊfriendship and bravery andīŋŊoh HarryīŋŊbe careful!īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou drink first,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊYou are sure which is which, arenīŋŊt you?īŋŊ
   īŋŊPositive,īŋŊ said Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.
   īŋŊItīŋŊs not poison?īŋŊ said Harry anxiously.
   īŋŊNoīŋŊbut itīŋŊs like ice.īŋŊ
   īŋŊQuick, go, before it wears off.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGood luckīŋŊtake care.īŋŊ
   īŋŊGO!īŋŊ
   Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
   Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to face the black flames.
   īŋŊHere I come,īŋŊ he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
   It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldnīŋŊt feel themīŋŊfor a moment he could see nothing but dark fireīŋŊthen he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
   There was already someone thereīŋŊbut it wasnīŋŊt Snape. It wasnīŋŊt even Voldemort.
   17. THE MAN WITH TWO FACES
   It was Quirrell.
   īŋŊYou!īŋŊ gasped Harry.
   Quirrell smiled. His face wasnīŋŊt twitching at all.
   īŋŊMe,īŋŊ he said calmly. īŋŊI wondered whether IīŋŊd be meeting you here, Potter.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut I thoughtīŋŊSnapeīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊSeverus?īŋŊ Quirrell laughed, and it wasnīŋŊt his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. īŋŊYes, Severus does seem the type, doesnīŋŊt he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?īŋŊ
   Harry couldnīŋŊt take it in. This couldnīŋŊt be true, it couldnīŋŊt.
   īŋŊBut Snape tried to kill me!īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, no, no.I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and IīŋŊd have got you off that broom. IīŋŊd have managed it before then if Snape hadnīŋŊt been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊSnape was trying tosave me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊOf course,īŋŊ said Quirrell coolly. īŋŊWhy do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didnīŋŊt do it again. Funny, reallyīŋŊ he neednīŋŊt have bothered. I couldnīŋŊt do anything with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stopGryffindor from winning, hedid make himself unpopularīŋŊ and what a waste of time, when after all that, IīŋŊm going to kill you tonight.īŋŊ
   Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊre too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew youīŋŊd seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou let the troll in?īŋŊ
   īŋŊCertainly. I have a special gift with trollsīŋŊyou must have seen what I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me offīŋŊand not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three headed dog didnīŋŊt even manage to bite SnapeīŋŊs leg off properly.
   īŋŊNow, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.īŋŊ
   It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised.
   īŋŊThis mirror is the key to finding the Stone,īŋŊ Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. īŋŊTrust Dumbledore to come up with something like thisīŋŊ but heīŋŊs in LondonīŋŊ IīŋŊll be far away by the time he gets backīŋŊīŋŊ
   All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.
   īŋŊI saw you and Snape in the forestīŋŊīŋŊ he blurted out.
   īŋŊYes,īŋŊ said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. īŋŊHe was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far IīŋŊd got. He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten meīŋŊas though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my sideīŋŊīŋŊ
   Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.
   īŋŊI see the StoneīŋŊ IīŋŊm presenting it to my masterīŋŊ but where is it?īŋŊ
   Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didnīŋŊt give. Hehad to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
   īŋŊBut Snape always seemed to hate me so much.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, he does,īŋŊ said Quirrell casually, īŋŊheavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didnīŋŊt you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted youdead.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut I heard you a few days ago, sobbingīŋŊI thought Snape was threatening youīŋŊīŋŊ
   For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across QuirrellīŋŊs face.
   īŋŊSometimes,īŋŊ he said, īŋŊI find it hard to follow my masterīŋŊs instructionsīŋŊhe is a great wizard and I am weakīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYou mean he was there in the classroom with you?īŋŊ Harry gasped.
   īŋŊHe is with me wherever I go,īŋŊ said Quirrell quietly. īŋŊI met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seekitīŋŊ Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me.īŋŊ Quirrell shivered suddenly. īŋŊHe does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished meīŋŊ decided he would have to keep a closer watch on meīŋŊīŋŊ
   QuirrellīŋŊs voice trailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley how could he have been so stupid? HeīŋŊdseen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
   Quirrell cursed under his breath.
   īŋŊI donīŋŊt understandīŋŊ is the Stoneinside the mirror? Should I break it?īŋŊ
   HarryīŋŊs mind was racing.
   What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myseff finding itīŋŊwhich means IīŋŊll see where itīŋŊs hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what IīŋŊm up to?
   He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to himself.
   īŋŊWhat does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!īŋŊ
   And to HarryīŋŊs horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself.
   īŋŊUse the boyīŋŊ Use the boyīŋŊīŋŊ
   Quirrell rounded on Harry.
   īŋŊYesīŋŊPotterīŋŊcome here.īŋŊ
   He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet.
   īŋŊCome here,īŋŊ Quirrell repeated. īŋŊLook in the mirror and tell me what you see.īŋŊ
   Harry walked toward him.
   I must lie, he thought desperately.I must look and lie about what I see, thatīŋŊs all.
   Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from QuirrellīŋŊs turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.
   He saw his reflection, pale and scared looking at first. But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its pocketīŋŊand as it did so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. SomehowīŋŊincrediblyīŋŊheīŋŊd gotten the Stone.
   īŋŊWell?īŋŊ said Quirrell impatiently. īŋŊWhat do you see?īŋŊ
   Harry screwed up his courage.
   īŋŊI see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore,īŋŊ he invented. īŋŊIīŋŊIīŋŊve won the house cup for Gryffindor.īŋŊ
   Quirrell cursed again.
   īŋŊGet out of the way,īŋŊ he said. As Harry moved aside, he felt the SorcererīŋŊs Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
   But he hadnīŋŊt walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasnīŋŊt moving his lips.
   īŋŊHe liesīŋŊ He liesīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊPotter, come back here!īŋŊ Quirrell shouted. īŋŊTell me the truth! What did you just see?īŋŊ
   The high voice spoke again.
   īŋŊLet me speak to himīŋŊ face-to-faceīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊMaster, you are not strong enough!īŋŊ
   īŋŊI have strength enoughīŋŊ for thisīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry felt as if DevilīŋŊs Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldnīŋŊt move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. QuirrellīŋŊs head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the spot.
   Harry would have screamed, but he couldnīŋŊt make a sound. Where there should have been a back to QuirrellīŋŊs head, there was a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
   īŋŊHarry PotterīŋŊīŋŊ it whispered.
   Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldnīŋŊt move.
   īŋŊSee what I have become?īŋŊ the face said. īŋŊMere shadow and vaporīŋŊ I have form only when I can share anotherīŋŊs bodyīŋŊ but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and mindsīŋŊ Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeksīŋŊ you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forestīŋŊ and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my ownīŋŊ NowīŋŊ why donīŋŊt you give me that Stone in your pocket?īŋŊ
   So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into HarryīŋŊs legs. He stumbled backward.
   īŋŊDonīŋŊt be a fool,īŋŊ snarled the face. īŋŊBetter save your own life and join meīŋŊ or youīŋŊll meet the same end as your parentsīŋŊ They died begging me for mercyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊLIAR!īŋŊ Harry shouted suddenly.
   Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him. The evil face was now smiling.
   īŋŊHow touchingīŋŊīŋŊ it hissed. īŋŊI always value braveryīŋŊ Yes, boy, your parents were braveīŋŊ I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fightīŋŊ but your mother neednīŋŊt have diedīŋŊ she was trying to protect youīŋŊ Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNEVER!īŋŊ
   Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamedīŋŊSEIZE HIM!īŋŊ and the next second, Harry felt QuirrellīŋŊs hand close on his wrist. At once, a needle sharp pain seared across HarryīŋŊs scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head lessenedīŋŊhe looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingersīŋŊthey were blistering before his eyes.
   īŋŊSeize him! SEIZE HIM!īŋŊ shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet, landing on top of him, both hands around HarryīŋŊs neckīŋŊHarryīŋŊs scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
   īŋŊMaster, I cannot hold himīŋŊmy handsīŋŊmy hands!īŋŊ
   And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palmsīŋŊHarry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
   īŋŊThen kill him, fool, and be done!īŋŊ screeched Voldemort.
   Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed QuirrellīŋŊs faceīŋŊ
   īŋŊAAAARGH!īŋŊ
   Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldnīŋŊt touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible painīŋŊhis only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.
   Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry offīŋŊthe pain in HarryīŋŊs head was buildingīŋŊhe couldnīŋŊt seeīŋŊhe could only hear QuirrellīŋŊs terrible shrieks and VoldemortīŋŊs yells of, īŋŊKILL HIM! KILL HIM!īŋŊ and other voices, maybe in HarryīŋŊs own head, crying, īŋŊHarry! Harry!īŋŊ
   He felt QuirrellīŋŊs arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, downīŋŊ downīŋŊ downīŋŊ
   Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
   He blinked. It wasnīŋŊt the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.
   He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.
   īŋŊGood afternoon, Harry,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. Harry stared at him. Then he remembered: īŋŊSir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! HeīŋŊs got the Stone! Sir, quickīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊCalm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊQuirrell does not have the Stone.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThen who does? Sir, IīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊHarry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.īŋŊ
   Harry swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
   īŋŊTokens from your friends and admirers,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, beaming. īŋŊWhat happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send youa toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated it.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHow long have I been in here?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThree days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut sit, the StoneīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou got there? You got HermioneīŋŊs owl?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWe must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you.īŋŊ
   īŋŊIt wasyou.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI feared I might be too late.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou nearly were, I couldnīŋŊt have kept him off the Stone much longerīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊNot the Stone, boy, youīŋŊthe effort involved nearly killed you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDestroyed?īŋŊ said Harry blankly. īŋŊBut your friendīŋŊNicolas FlamelīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, you know about Nicolas?īŋŊ said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted. īŋŊYoudid do the thing properly, didnīŋŊt you? Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed itīŋŊs all for the best.īŋŊ
   īŋŊBut that means he and his wife will die, wonīŋŊt they?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThey have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on HarryīŋŊs face.
   īŋŊTo one as young as you, IīŋŊm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very,very long day. After all, to the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above allīŋŊthe trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.īŋŊ
   Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling.
   īŋŊSir?īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊIīŋŊve been thinkingīŋŊ sirīŋŊeven if the StoneīŋŊs gone, VolīŋŊ, I mean, You-Know-WhoīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊCall him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes, sir. Well, VoldemortīŋŊs going to try other ways of coming back, isnīŋŊt he? I mean, he hasnīŋŊt gone, has he?īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, Harry, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to shareīŋŊ not being truly alive, he cannot be killed. He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his returnto power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing battle next timeīŋŊand if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power.īŋŊ
   Harry nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then he said,īŋŊSir, there are some other things IīŋŊd like to know, if you can tell meīŋŊ things I want to know the truth aboutīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThe truth.īŋŊ Dumbledore sighed. īŋŊIt is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg youīŋŊll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWellīŋŊ Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?īŋŊ
   Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
   īŋŊAlas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one dayīŋŊ put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are olderīŋŊ I know you hate to hear thisīŋŊ when you are ready, you will know.īŋŊ
   And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.
   īŋŊBut why couldnīŋŊt Quirrell touch me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYour mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didnīŋŊt realize that love as powerful as your motherīŋŊs for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible signīŋŊ to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good.īŋŊ
   Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, Harry said,īŋŊAnd the Invisibility CloakīŋŊdo you know who sent it to me?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAhīŋŊyour father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it.īŋŊ DumbledoreīŋŊs eyes twinkled. īŋŊUseful thingsīŋŊ your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here.īŋŊ
   īŋŊAnd thereīŋŊs something elseīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊFire away.īŋŊ
   īŋŊQuirrell said SnapeīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊProfessor Snape, Harry.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYes, himīŋŊQuirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. Is that true?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHe saved his life.īŋŊ
   īŋŊWhat?īŋŊ
   īŋŊYesīŋŊīŋŊ said Dumbledore dreamily. īŋŊFunny, the way peopleīŋŊs minds work, isnīŋŊt it? Professor Snape couldnīŋŊt bear being in your fatherīŋŊs debtīŋŊ I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to hating your fatherīŋŊs memory in peaceīŋŊīŋŊ
   Harry tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he stopped.
   īŋŊAnd sir, thereīŋŊs one more thingīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊJust the one?īŋŊ
   īŋŊHow did I get the Stone out of the mirror?īŋŊ
   īŋŊAh, now, IīŋŊm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant ideas, and between you and me, thatīŋŊs saying something. You see, only one who wanted tofind the StoneīŋŊfind it, but not use itīŋŊwould be able to get it, otherwise theyīŋŊd just see themselves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimesīŋŊ Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie BottīŋŊs Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomitflavored one, and since then IīŋŊm afraid IīŋŊve rather lost my liking for themīŋŊbut I think IīŋŊll be safe with a nice toffee, donīŋŊt you?īŋŊ
   He smiled and popped the golden brown bean into his mouth. Then he choked and said,īŋŊAlas! Ear wax!īŋŊ
   Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.
   īŋŊJust five minutes,īŋŊ Harry pleaded.
   īŋŊAbsolutely not.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYou let Professor Dumbledore inīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊWell, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You needrest.īŋŊ
   īŋŊI am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam PomfreyīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, very well,īŋŊ she said. īŋŊBut five minutesonly.īŋŊ
   And she let Ron and Hermione in.
   īŋŊHarry!īŋŊ
   Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
   īŋŊOh, Harry, we were sure you were going toīŋŊDumbledore was so worriedīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊThe whole schoolīŋŊs talking about it,īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊWhatreally happened?īŋŊ
   It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under QuirrellīŋŊs turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
   īŋŊSo the StoneīŋŊs gone?īŋŊ said Ron finally. īŋŊFlamelīŋŊs just going todie?īŋŊ
   īŋŊThatīŋŊs what I said, but Dumbledore thinks thatīŋŊwhat was it?īŋŊīŋŊto the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.īŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊI always said he was off his rocker,īŋŊ said Ron, looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was.
   īŋŊSo what happened to you two?īŋŊ said Harry.
   īŋŊWell, I got back all right,īŋŊ said Hermione. īŋŊI brought Ron roundīŋŊthat took a whileīŋŊand we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hallīŋŊhe already knewīŋŊhe just said, īŋŊHarryīŋŊs gone after him, hasnīŋŊt he?īŋŊ and hurtled off to the third floor.īŋŊ
   īŋŊDīŋŊyou think he meant you to do it?īŋŊ said Ron. īŋŊSending you your fatherīŋŊs cloak and everything?īŋŊ
   īŋŊWell,īŋŊ Hermione exploded,īŋŊif he didīŋŊI mean to say thatīŋŊs terribleīŋŊyou could have been killed.īŋŊ
   īŋŊNo, it isnīŋŊt,īŋŊ said Harry thoughtfully. īŋŊHeīŋŊs a funny man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I donīŋŊt think it was an accident he let me find out how the mirror worked. ItīŋŊs almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I couldīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊYeah, DumbledoreīŋŊs off his rocker, all right,īŋŊ said Ron proudly. īŋŊListen, youīŋŊve got to be up for the end of year feast tomorrow. The points are all in and Slytherin won, of courseīŋŊyou missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without youīŋŊbut the foodīŋŊll be good.īŋŊ
   At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.
   īŋŊYouīŋŊve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT,īŋŊ she said firmly.
   After a good nightīŋŊs sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.
   īŋŊI want to go to the feast,īŋŊ he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. īŋŊI can, canīŋŊt I?īŋŊ
   īŋŊProfessor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,īŋŊ she said stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didnīŋŊt realize how risky feasts could be. īŋŊAnd you have another visitor.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, good,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊWho is it?īŋŊ
   Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burst into tears.
   īŋŊItīŋŊsīŋŊallīŋŊmyīŋŊruddyīŋŊfault!īŋŊ he sobbed, his face in his hands. īŋŊI told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thing he didnīŋŊt know, anīŋŊ I told him! Yeh couldīŋŊve died! All fer a dragon egg! IīŋŊll never drink again! I should be chucked out anīŋŊ made ter live as a Muggle!īŋŊ
   īŋŊHagrid!īŋŊ said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. īŋŊHagrid, heīŋŊd have found out somehow, this is Voldemort weīŋŊre talking about, heīŋŊd have found out even if you hadnīŋŊt told him.īŋŊ
   īŋŊYeh couldīŋŊve died!īŋŊ sobbed Hagrid. īŋŊAnīŋŊ donīŋŊ say the name!īŋŊ
   īŋŊVOLDEMORT!īŋŊ Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped crying. īŋŊIīŋŊve met him and IīŋŊm calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we saved the Stone, itīŋŊs gone, he canīŋŊt use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, IīŋŊve got loadsīŋŊīŋŊ
   Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said,īŋŊThat reminds me. IīŋŊve got yeh a present.īŋŊ
   īŋŊItīŋŊs not a stoat sandwich, is it?īŋŊ said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
   īŋŊNah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. īŋŊCourse, he shoulda sacked me insteadīŋŊanyway, got yeh thisīŋŊīŋŊ
   It seemed to be a handsome, leather covered book. Harry opened it curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.
   īŋŊSent owls off ter all yer parentsīŋŊ old school friends, askinīŋŊ fer photosīŋŊ knew yeh didnīŋŊ have anyīŋŊ dīŋŊyeh like it?īŋŊ
   Harry couldnīŋŊt speak, but Hagrid understood.
   Harry made his way down to the end of year feast alone that night. He had been held up by Madam PomfreyīŋŊs fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate SlytherinīŋŊs winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
   When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.
   Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.
   īŋŊAnother year gone!īŋŊ Dumbledore said cheerfully. īŋŊAnd I must trouble you with an old manīŋŊs wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they wereīŋŊ you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year startsīŋŊ
   īŋŊNow, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.īŋŊ
   A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.
   īŋŊYes, yes, well done, Slytherin,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊHowever, recent events must be taken into account.īŋŊ
   The room went very still. The SlytherinsīŋŊ smiles faded a little.
   īŋŊAhem,īŋŊ said Dumbledore. īŋŊI have a few last minute points to dish out. Let me see. YesīŋŊ
   īŋŊFirstīŋŊto Mr. Ronald WeasleyīŋŊīŋŊ
   Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
   īŋŊīŋŊfor the best played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.īŋŊ
   Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other prefects,īŋŊMy brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past McGonagallīŋŊs giant chess set!īŋŊ
   At last there was silence again.
   īŋŊSecondīŋŊto Miss Hermione GrangerīŋŊ for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.īŋŊ
   Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselvesīŋŊthey were a hundred points up.
   īŋŊThirdīŋŊto Mr. Harry PotterīŋŊīŋŊ said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet īŋŊīŋŊfor pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points.īŋŊ
   The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy two pointsīŋŊexactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cupīŋŊif only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
   Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
   īŋŊThere are all kinds of courage,īŋŊ said Dumbledore, smiling. īŋŊIt takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom.īŋŊ
   Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldnīŋŊt have looked more stunned and horrified if heīŋŊd just had the Body Bind Curse put on him.
   īŋŊWhich means,īŋŊ Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, īŋŊwe need a little change of decoration.īŋŊ
   He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor McGonagallīŋŊs hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught HarryīŋŊs eye and Harry knew at once that SnapeīŋŊs feelings toward him hadnīŋŊt changed one jot. This didnīŋŊt worry Harry. It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
   It was the best evening of HarryīŋŊs life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trollsīŋŊ he would never, ever forget tonight.
   Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldnīŋŊt have everything in life.
   And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, NevilleīŋŊs toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (īŋŊI always hope theyīŋŊll forget to give us these,īŋŊ said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie BottīŋŊs Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at KingīŋŊs Cross Station.
   It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didnīŋŊt attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
   īŋŊYou must come and stay this summer,īŋŊ said Ron, īŋŊboth of youīŋŊIīŋŊll send you an owl.īŋŊ
   īŋŊThanks,īŋŊ said Harry, īŋŊIīŋŊll need something to look forward to.īŋŊ People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world. Some of them called:
   īŋŊBye, Harry!īŋŊ
   īŋŊSee you, Potter!īŋŊ
   īŋŊStill famous,īŋŊ said Ron, grinning at him.
   īŋŊNot where IīŋŊm going, I promise you,īŋŊ said Harry.
   He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.īŋŊThere he is, Mom, there he is, look!īŋŊ
   It was Ginny Weasley, RonīŋŊs younger sister, but she wasnīŋŊt pointing at Ron.
   īŋŊHarry Potter!īŋŊ she squealed. īŋŊLook, Mom! I can seeīŋŊīŋŊ
   īŋŊBe quiet, Ginny, and itīŋŊs rude to point.īŋŊ
   Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.
   īŋŊBusy year?īŋŊ she said.
   īŋŊVery,īŋŊ said Harry. īŋŊThanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.īŋŊ
   īŋŊOh, it was nothing, dear.īŋŊ
   īŋŊReady, are you?īŋŊ
   It was Uncle Vernon, still purple faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.
   īŋŊYou must be HarryīŋŊs family!īŋŊ said Mrs. Weasley.
   īŋŊIn a manner of speaking,īŋŊ said Uncle Vernon. īŋŊHurry up, boy, we havenīŋŊt got all day.īŋŊ He walked away.
   Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.
   īŋŊSee you over the summer, then.īŋŊ
   īŋŊHope you haveīŋŊerīŋŊa good holiday,īŋŊ said Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.
   īŋŊOh, I will,īŋŊ said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face. īŋŊThey donīŋŊt know weīŋŊre not allowed to use magic at home. IīŋŊm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summerīŋŊīŋŊ
